What is up guys? What is going on? Are we live? I think so. Let's see. Somebody let me know in
the comments if we are live and you can hear me. Okay, cool. I think we are. Let's see. David,
have some names for me to check out. Let me just start, read that right away because that's
interesting. Cecil B. Scott Brown is a very interesting character. He is named throughout a
lot of Stephen Greer's files and in Grant Cameron's research of Dr. Eric A. Walker,
both Cameron and Dr. C. B. Scott Brown wrote to University of Pennsylvania and Dr. Eric Walker
to talk to him. I think C. B. Scott Brown is no longer with us, but that is a very interesting
person to research and look into. But hey guys, thanks for joining today. This should be a fun
stream. I got some pretty fun stuff to talk about today. Of course, it's been a busy week in the
field of ufology and also we missed last Sunday. I was out of town, so we're going to do the 10K
stream today. And part of the stream today, I want to share a little bit of some ongoing research
I'm doing. That kind of ties into the UAPDA. I think everybody watching will find that very
interesting because I sure did. And I'm really excited to see that. Let's see a couple questions.
Kai, I'm sorry about the Browns. I really am, man. Maybe come over to the Bengals, bro. We got a bit
better of a squad. Chris, I did see what happened with Grant Cameron and Dick Cheney. Grant Cameron
is a fantastic researcher. I've been combing his files, the Grant Cameron files, for more stuff on
Dick Cheney because as I talked about in my last video, Grant Cameron released his entire trove of
UFO files from his decades of research. There is so much there. I haven't even begun to kind of
filter through everything. As you guys know, we go through the Stephen Greer DPI archive here and
then we'll do the Grant Cameron files as well because there's a lot of interesting stuff there.
And Mighty Mo, yes, you are on time. Are there any interesting retrievals that have happened in the
UK or nearby? Yes. There are some incidents in the 70s and 80s. A couple in England. Let me get
out the handbook real fast and find those out. We got that crash retrievals. Magic Eye is only
on us. There's two cases that come to mind in England. Of course, there's the rental from Forest
Landing. So, M1138T, if you're listening to me, write down these dates. Garleton, England, July 16,
1963. Let me keep going. Pencrige, England, February or March of 1964.
Walt, I'm sorry, I cannot speak. Walthamstow, England, April 13, 1964.
Cambridge, Shire, England, January of 1965. And if you want to count North Wales, Burwin Mountains,
North Wales, 74, around the same time of the Kuyame alleged incident. So, those are a couple
examples. And if you want a more recent example, I would look in 1991, July, and Cheadle, Stafford,
Shire, England. This is about, this is close to 1992, the alleged Long Island, New York case,
which if you guys don't know that one, that's going to be a case we feature as it supposedly
occurred on Long Island, New York, 1992, near Brookhaven Labs. Okay. Hey, look, man, I don't say
bad words. I keep it clean on this channel, but you know, the Steelers are worse. The Steelers are
worse. What's up? Good to see you, Dr. Doc. Looking to see B. Scott Brown. I have not heard
of Carol Rosen or Bryce DeWitt. I have heard of Bryce DeWitt. Yes, we've talked about the
Nepal Retrieval in Kathmandu in 68 in Moondust, quite a long time ago as well. That's such an
interesting case. I was compiling some documents on Moondust for somebody the other day. And that,
of course, was a case I sent over. What's up? What's up, dude? Broad and North. Thank you so
much for the 200 Norwegian crown. I really appreciate that, man. You're the man. I love it. Thank you
so much. Something or someone. So Grant Cameron is, he has a website that's called Presidential UFO.
Grant Cameron has been really instrumental kind of before the age of John Greenwald and so forth
in utilizing Freedom of Information Act requests and the National Archives to kind of find hidden
files and letters on various individuals. This includes Wilbur B. Smith. This includes Dr.
Eric K. Walker. This includes President Johnson. So Grant Cameron, of course, had early in the
2000s, 2001, called into a radio show asking Dick Cheney outright, inquiring as to his involvement
with UAP programs in USG. And he just said something along the lines of, if I was briefed on
that, I probably couldn't talk about it. Darth Cheney is correct. Thoughts on Jay Stratton's
upcoming book. I think it'll be interesting. There seems to be a lot of drama boiling over with Jay
and Lou and the whole ATIP, all SAP stuff. So we shall see how that goes. As an American, I usually
only see English UAP media. Do you know of any good translated resources or channels covering
any other countries, particularly Asia? I do not, actually. I do not know of any kind of
channels that cover Asian materials. I would be particularly interested to hear about
the history of crash retrievals in China. Of course, there's American sources of many
crash retrieval cases in Cambodia, Vietnam, and so forth in the Vietnam War or conflict. But
that is well worth checking out. I would also like to look into these. Could I also use metric
units in my video? Yes, I will. I'm an American, but remember, I'm schooled as an engineer. So
metric units are near and dear to my heart. I absolutely will. I always face this predicament.
I always face this predicament. What is your MMA record? I have never fought an actual
sanctioned mixed martial arts fight, but earlier this year, I did participate in a
Giju Jitsu tournament and took third place in the heavyweight division.
Congrats on 10K. I really appreciate that. Are you familiar with the Forgotten Languages website
that has been active since 2007 and posting various articles every day? I actually got a link
from Forgotten Languages. We're going to talk about it a little later today in relation to UAPDA.
And yes, I do want to talk about that because I also have some good friends who kind of went
down that rabbit hole a while ago and probably have some more interesting stuff to say than I do.
But yes, it's very interesting. Anything on the Senator who blocked UAPDA?
2.0, Rand Paul. Everything I found was that no aerospace course donated to his campaign
and that he criticized the allocation of $22 million to ATIP. So instead of Rand Paul and Mike
Turner and these guys, we're going to talk about some of the lobbyists, the companies that lobbied
against the UAPDA. And I'm really excited to talk about that because those are really interesting.
Larry Reed worked for Lockheed. He has a book called Quantum Wave Mechanics, a dense physics
textbooks that covers anti-gravity and has UFO designs. Very interesting. That is very interesting.
I will have to check that out as well. The Hudson Valley Wave, interesting how many of
these sightings said the bottom of the crafts had what looked like... Yes, okay. So I've been
trying to talk to Ryan Wood about kind of early sightings of UFOs and possible ARVs. And the
Hudson Valley Wave may be an example of early days of ARV, alien reproduction vehicles with
kind of a lot of exterior opponents, triangles with seeming like a piping and not so circuitry,
but almost kind of signs of manufacturing on the bottom. I think if anything that indicates
maybe towards more a human-made origin, and I would really like to talk about that more.
Think about the James Webb talk. I have not really been... I've not been too dialed in. I know
the narrative going on right now, but to be honest, I have... I got crash retrievals
and whistleblowers to talk about right now. So we'll let that play out a little bit. I'll probably
kind of stay on the sidelines for that, but of course I will be updated. I have no opinion at the
moment. What is your opinion on the Voronezh UFO incident where UFO landed and beans came out
of the object? A lot of witnesses and KGB investigations. Was this one of the files that
George Knapp smuggled out of the Soviet Union? Remind me if that was the Voronezh incident,
please, because that's kind of on the tip of my tongue and I can't think right at the moment.
David, Carol Rosen was the first female head of an aerospace company, Fairchild,
and worked with Werner von Braun. She writes about UFOs and mentioned von Braun knew about
an engineered alien invasion. Okay, that's interesting because I know a lot of people talk
they like to relate Project Bluebeam or something along those lines with kind of the final words
and the gravestones of Werner von Braun and of course his mentor, Herman Osberth, participated
in very serious flight calculation speeds of UFOs back in the 40s. So that is interesting.
Local H.J., thank you so much for the two bucks. You make the best UAP content. Keep it up. I really
appreciate that, man. I absolutely will keep it up. Hopefully, there will become a time where
these videos are more so a historical record versus just investigating stories. That's what
I'm hoping for. Why Brazil has so many UAP sightings? They have no nuclear capability
or nuclear power plants for my knowledge. I've wondered this as well. There are a lot of
Brazilian fighter pilot, military pilot encounters with UFOs. And besides the Kalora's
Incident, I think this was in the 80s or 90s. There's a famous incident in Brazil. It's called
Night of Something. I got to find it. I'll post it in the Discord, but it's where multiple,
multiple, multiple people across multiple states in Brazil all observed very similar
things flying over Brazil. So this combined with the Kalora's Incident, with the Magé
Brazil, combined with Virginia. Brazil seems to have some of the most activity of UAP outside of
the U.S. And it is very interesting. That Kecksburg video was awesome. I appreciate that. That was
a heck of a lot of fun to make. I want to continue along the lines of investigation for Dr. Eric
Walker. I reached out to his children. I've heard nothing back. And I've also reached out to Joe
Califano. If you remember, I talked about him kind of in Johnson's meeting. So I've heard nothing
from him, but that'd be a person I really would like to speak to. All right, we'll get through
these guys. And then there are a couple things I want to speak about. And we'll do more Q&A. But
I think one thing in particular, everybody will find of great interest. Excited to hear that
you're familiar. I've been down that rabbit hole and I've compiled a lot of information from that
site. People love to dismiss it, but there's more going on there for sure. Yes, for anybody that
just joined, we're talking about the Forgotten Languages site that it was the anonymous briefing
for Congress for the UAP timeline that has a lot of links to the Forgotten Languages site and
references there. Very interesting. As Earth Ambassador to the Aliens, I would like to offer
up Rand Paul to you, Aliens for Abduction. You could do whatever you want with them. Yeah, Rand
Paul, this is a bit out of left field for him to be the primary blocker of the UAPDA. I was not
expecting such a thing. What's up, Zach? Gordon Novel of JFK and Watergate fame wrote a book on
reverse engineering. Kraft just learned about that recently. That is interesting. I've never
heard of that. I've got to check that out. If I'm not mistaken, the Hudson Valley UAPs were
responding in movement to witness thoughts. I've not heard that either. I need to check that out
as well. Okay, let's keep going through these guys. We'll get through these and then a couple
topics I can't wait to talk about. Everything there is available thus far with the James Webb
Telescope Drama. I can't remember what Senator said. He said no comment to expose a classified
briefing. There's plenty of other stuff, at least for me, my focus to talk about versus
James Webb. I'm sure there's going to be a lot of good articles, maybe from Matt Laszlo,
maybe from other content creators talking about this. I'll probably wait off for a little bit
just because there's so much dang stuff I really want to talk about. Yes, this Brazil incident is
called Night of the Flying Saucers. Radar says, another Norway incident in June of 1967. I'm not
even going to try to pronounce that man, but this is similar to the Spitzberg in 1952 case. Norway
also has a lot of very interesting sightings worth checking out. How do you explain to people the
reasoning behind the use of the nuanced term NHI or non-human intelligence? This is because this is
the term put into the congressional record, non-human intelligence, not alien, not ETs,
not ultra terrestrials, not crypto terrestrials, but non-human intelligence. This is why in his
interview with Ross Colthart and his appearance in the hearings last year in July of 2023,
David Grush made meticulous effort to always say he's talking about non-human intelligence,
never using the word alien, never using the word extraterrestrial. Then if you notice people
like Sean Kirkpatrick in their interviews will always talk about, say, alien or extraterrestrial.
They will hardly, if ever, use the term non-human intelligence. That is why the term
non-human intelligence is so important to use in context. What exactly is this alien virus?
Is this the reason they're so serious about silence? I'm not sure. Possible origins of an alien
virus may come from the 1974 Koyame Mexico crash retrieval in which a team of Mexican soldiers,
according to the denumber report, was killed by a biological contaminant leaking from the craft.
So I'm not sure. They do use JWST for photos of planets within our solar system. Yes,
they do. And they also use it for mass spectrometry. Mass spectrometry, I don't know how to say that
in plural form or for exoplanets. Okay, let's see. They are tool poids from... Oh, more tool poids.
Cool. Well, as we talked about last week, or two weeks ago with Greer, he was talking about
various forms of UAP and kind of the significance of UAP and said that defense companies like
Lockheed Martin were creating almost thought forms. That was really, really interesting to me.
Kecksburg video was nice and congrats on 10k sub. Thank you, sir. I appreciate that very much.
Do I have any plans to visit some famous locations? I would love to, but I do have plans to go to the
November 13th hearings in Washington if I can. If I can swing that, I'm going to find a dang
camera guy, bring that guy, go to those. And then I've heard rumors of Seoul doing another conference
in late November of 2024. If that happens as well, I will also go to that.
Jimmy, I know you. I think you changed your name. Thank you so much for the $20.
I very much appreciate that very, very, very much. These people are always in the background
and John Lear in 1988 named a lot of interesting names of second generation MJ12 Bobby Ray Inman.
Yes, absolutely. Carl Sagan, Edward Teller and Hillencoder, Senator or Senior Bush, HW Bush.
Yes, especially Hillencoder. Hillencoder is of extreme interest to me. We talked about him at
length as the named briefing, briefing individual of the Eisenhower briefing document and who
also had some actually pretty outstanding comments on UFOs publicly. So very interesting person,
Hillencoder, but also Bobby Ray Inman. I can't remember where we covered him. I think I talked
about him in the, what was it? The Off World Technologies Division in relation to the Navy.
I think it was, but yes, very interesting. What do you think about the phenomenon? The more they
will manifest to you even in, I'm convinced the more you think about, yeah, that's like the call
of the void, right? The more you stare into the this, the more it stares back at you and that's
kind of a, the associated term with much, much kind of high strangeness.
Kai, the thing about the Hudson Valley and all these UFO waves like Belgium being manmade is
why do they fly like they are trying to be seen? It's almost like the ARVs are trying to replicate
NHI behavior. Yes, this is very weird to me. I have many personal friends who are adults just
because I trained Jiu Jitsu and I mean, I'm an adult too, but they're older 40s and 50s who
talk about his kids, especially in the area of New York. I have one friend I trained Jiu Jitsu with
who saw a triangular shaped craft with three lights flying at a very low altitude. I'm talking
hundreds of feet over him. It often seems like these craft, especially triangular shaped craft,
are flying at a very low elevation, almost begging to be seen. It's very strange.
Looking at Thomas Bearden, I have heard Bearden's name before. I can't remember exactly where.
MZ, you're from Brazil and I can say there is a lot of UFO activity here and most of it is not
talked about outside of Brazil. The Claudio case is real. I'd love to hear more if you have some
cases that are underrepresented and underrepresented and under explored, especially crash retrieval
cases. Jango, thank you so much for the $10. You are generous with your money and I really,
really, really, really, really appreciate that. The Norway incident, the Norwegian military spent
several weeks diving after the object without finding anything. This reminds me of the Shag
Harbor in 64 case. Okay, someone or something. Here is Kirk Patrick dodging the ET versus
NHI question to a ridiculous degree. Yes, it's absurd. Kirk Patrick is the specific example.
And although he's more of a Twitter troll, guys like John or Stephen Greensreet saying,
oh, he's flying alien space monsters. That's another one that's a bit funny to me. Oh, sorry.
What is your take on David Grush and Lou Elizondo constantly saying maybe they're from
in between when referencing we don't know if they're alien or extraterrestrial?
Well, Grush has talked about, especially in outtakes of his interview with Ross Coldheart
for News Nation. He says he uses the term nonhuman intelligence, but also says that these are
presumably extraterrestrial. But then in the congressional record also discusses the holographic
universe principle and the possibility of sort of ultra dimensional beings, beings that don't
necessarily originate from our 3d space. My question is why cannot it possibly it's both
the this isn't a mutually exclusive thing to have extraterrestrial and sort of an ultra
terrestrial even a crypto terrestrial origin. There could be a combination of these.
Fan meetups and Roswell, that would be fun. Actually, I would love that. I'd love to go to
to the Roswell region. Maybe we'll do a fan meetup as as we grow. That would be very interesting.
Thank you for talking about the biological aspect of it. This, my friend, you cannot talk
about crash retrievals without discussing biologics. This is something I learned from early.
Always thought I could, especially because biologics are the most controversial part of
any crash retrieval story. I thought, you know, maybe I can stay a little bit away from this,
but no, absolutely not. I in fact, I love speaking about biologics. What's your opinion on JRot?
Any plans to cover this JRot? If anybody doesn't know, this is the extraterrestrial being allegedly
covered from the Kingman crash in 53. According to this story, there were two JRots captured live.
One EBE, it was called a, I can't remember. It was like EBE 53 AZ or something like that to denote
Arizona and the year and the extraterrestrial. One was sent to Los Alamos National Labs and
one was sent to S4, I believe it was. I think this is a very interesting story. And there's
also claims of JRot outside of just Dan Burish, of course, who's made the JRot story very famous.
And he talks about JRot being housed in a very secure facility. And I think the fifth floor
underground in S4, where he would take blood samples from this creature as it would be brought
into sort of like a containment dome, like if you've seen boy in the bubble, like that. But
there's also, who am I thinking about? I'm thinking about a, why can I, Bill Youhouse,
who has talked about JRot and the flying saucer simulator that was installed at S4 from the
Kingman crash. But JRot's very interesting. Yay. Your super chat got ignored, Chris.
Oh, I'm so sorry, man. Chris, thank you so much. I'm sorry, man. I try to answer everything. That's
totally my bad. Zable on need to know if you guys don't know Bryce Zable, he runs a co-podcast with
Ross Coltheart on YouTube called need to know. He said, Sagan knew a lot more about UFOs.
Lear and 88 called him out as the second generation of MJ12. He was in the hearings in 68 too.
Yes, absolutely. Even Ryan Wood has talked about Carl Sagan in regards to the majestic
documents quite a bit. I think multiple people now, Lear and Ryan Wood and maybe even Stanton
Friedman has commented on this, that Carl Sagan was secretly rather involved in UAP. But I'm sorry
for missing that, man. That's truly my bad. Truly my bad. Let's see. We talked about this a little
bit, TF, the James Webb telescope. There's definitely the congressman who talked about note,
said no comment in regards to a James Webb briefing, but I will probably wait to cover
that if covering it at all, just because I like to have a lot of time to sit down with my projects.
Now, a lot of developing stories are a little bit tough to cover.
Trollmama, thank you so much for the $20. I really appreciate that.
Be a BJJ and MMA beast. Hold down 10K YouTube channel. Thank you very much. I will try to
continue to be a beast. When they say they walk among us, do you think imagine them being undocumented
or fully integrated into the system and have families and kids? I don't know. That's actually a
good question. There's of course different conflicting schools of thought. Of course,
there's the valiant Thor story of the alleged extraterrestrial that I believe aided Eisenhower,
was it, who almost passed for an uncanny valley effect of person. Now, I still don't have an
informed opinion on if NHI is actively walking amongst humans. I have not done enough research
into that, but this is something I would like to look into more, but I know the story of valiant Thor.
There's also David Ike's theory of reptilians walking among us, which is very scary, but I do not know.
MrBeast had a UFO sighting recently. I've never seen a MrBeast video, but I heard his videos are
quite crazy. What do you make of the rumors of China's development of some kind of underwater
laser propulsion system? Could this be the technological surprise we've been warned about?
Possibly, because in just a few minutes, probably like 10 minutes, actually,
we're going to talk a little bit about underwater, but with the US.
I hope we have aliens here on earth like Rogers from American Dad. That would be hilarious.
If there's NHI working alongside human scientists, like some aero whistleblowers have
stated and so forth and many others, I would really, really, really like to see that.
What do you think about Gary McKinnon and Hack and his supposed secret space program?
If anybody doesn't know Gary McKinnon, I think this was in 2002. He hacked various military
systems and found files relating to non-terrestrial officers list of parent US officers that are
operating in ships throughout our solar system and possibly abroad called non-terrestrial officers.
He also posted an image of a craft, I believe it was, of a USS craft and it was cigar shaped,
but with almost portholes at the center, at the top and bottom, and some sort of variable
surface at each end of the cylinder. His story is one of the most, it's been around in Ufology
one of the longest Gary McKinnon story. Now, I think some of the controversy with him and
where people start to discredit him is he says he didn't either own a printer or didn't think to
grab a print of these files. However, I know Gary McKinnon is still around and I think he's
evaded legal prosecution at this point and I would like to speak to him. I'd like to speak to
him a lot, but the Gary McKinnon story is, that's kind of one of the OGs, the classics of Ufology
and I will probably reserve judgment until I can try and talk to him or if somebody has a
documentary featuring Gary McKinnon coming out, which would be interesting. Harry, thank you so
much for the five bucks. It doesn't matter how much you give, I just appreciate your support.
Thank you so much. I'm trying to get through all of these guys. I'm sorry for being slow.
The Alagash UFO incident is a good one to check out. I have not spent any time looking
into the Alagash UFO incident, so that is excellent. Feather hat talking about Sagan.
When I heard Sagan might be involved, I was like, no way. Also come on, Sagan,
you seem the opposite of MJ12. Yes, Sagan was also very outspoken against UAP. So was
Astronmer Donald Menzel. Oh, more Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast UFO retrieval stories always have
chrysalogics involved. It's Mr. Beast. Mr. Beast has talked about crash retrieval,
if that's the case. I don't know how that fits into his channel, but that is interesting and
I'd like to hear it. What is the full list of 12 alleged crashes that there's more than 12,
but there's a lot more than 12. I would recommend reading the book Magic Eyes Only by
Ryan S. Wood, which recounts almost 100 crash retrieval cases, but there's plenty more than
12, especially in the US. You got classic cases like Kecksburg, Roswell, Kingman. Why can I think
of the name? There's a name I can't think of right now. Kecksburg, Long Island, a case in West
Virginia, 1897, Aurora, Texas crash, the Cape Giradeau 1941 crash. There's a 2008 Needles,
California. You can think of two dozen cases and I'm thinking of Aztec as the 1948 cases. I
couldn't think of, but there's more than 10. There's dozens of cases you could read about.
There's the San Augustine Plains. There's just so many here in the States.
Let's not do the David Ike thing. Yeah, I'm probably going to stay away from talking about
David Ike. That's not my realm. They travel here in faster than light tech to walk among us
just to work a nine to five and pay taxes. I hope not. I hope the galactic standard isn't to work
in a nine to five because that would be very depressing. Walking among us might involve
hybrids from egg sperm extraction program involving abductions. There's been quite a bit
of talk about hybrids of late. Don't know what to make of it. Haven't done research. Correct me
if I'm wrong. I think a couple of scientists have made such mention lately, but I will be
doing my research. Any chance of a video on the MAJ Brazil UFO accident? Yes, absolutely. I would
recommend watching MacMave Studios video on MAJ Brazil. There's so much kind of video supporting
video of the case and some really rich stories. Yes, absolutely. I got two videos I'm going to do
before another crash retrieval and then we will see what crash retrieval we do then,
but I promise you will get there. What way do you speculate the phenomenon relates to?
Elizondo stated as the three-body problem. What aspect of that story is relevant to today? The
three-body problem talks about the dark forest theory of the Fermi paradox, which if you've
never heard of the dark forest theory, it's the concept that advanced extraterrestrial
and kind of universe-spanning civilizations do not broadcast their location in fear and
knowledge of other civilizations that will basically invade and take over and so forth.
I think with Lou, this could probably tie into the threat narrative he talks about often about
possible threat proposed by NHI. This could be in direct relation to something like the
three-body problem and the dark forest theory, so kind of the threat narrative.
Corona Clay, the one. Has there been any claims from the archaeological community of a potential
UFO found on a dig to match up with Bob Lazar's claims? Not to my knowledge. Not to my knowledge.
What do you know about the project Gary Nolan briefly talked about? Some kind of tracking system
in a military-type units that will try to recover the craft before Pentagon
program units get it? Okay, yeah, that's a good question. Gary Nolan was talking about basically
a private crash retrieval team. This isn't like a 2004 Lockheed team. This is a team to make up
modern day to try and beat USG or private retrieval teams to down UAP. I think that is a very
dangerous proposition, especially if you're not utilizing Tier 1 operators. How are you going
to get there before the US military and US and the program when these allegedly have things like
golden domes, according to Danny Sheehan, which can detect UAP while still cloaked? How are you
going to get there before these retrieval teams who, as we've heard stories of, will shoot on site
and not hesitate to kill people in that area? I do not think that's a great idea and I imagine
that would have an extremely low success rate. Do I have any significant updates of any of my
previous videos? Yes, and those will make it into future videos. Always updates. There's never a
video I do where I stop investigating then, so especially we're going to talk a little bit about
an update to one of my recent videos, the Off-World Technologies Division here briefly. Any opinions
on Michael Masters currently reading the extra-testrial model? I have never heard of this model,
but I do know Michael Masters, but I will check that out, my friend. George Nicolakis.
A hundred crash retrieval. Okay, now I'm sure they have the complete Star Trek pack,
mind-blowing. Yes, of course, many of these stories are nothing more than stories with
a little more than just newspaper clippings, anecdotal evidence, hearsay, second, third-hand
encounters, but there are quite a few retrievals and I'd say well over a dozen that have very
viable paper trails to pursue. A lot of these I have covered before and will continue to cover.
A lot of them need a lot more research done, but yes, there are numerous cases and this really
is excluding places like China and Russia, the former Soviet Union. So to access those files
and the alleged case or crash retrievals that have occurred there, that is something I want to do.
Okay, sorry, trying to get through these guys because then we'll get to the UAPDA. I'm sorry,
I will try to answer everything. Do you watch Angry Astronaut? Interesting UFO footage. No,
I need to check that out. I mentioned a couple of times, guys. It's a little tough to keep up
with footage just because there's so much footage and you can really debate endlessly and go down
rabbit holes of footage. So no, I have not, but I will make some time to do so.
Soon you're going to have to shut questions off and riff. Yes, we'll get through these and then
we will because I got like a, I think like 15 tabs up on Chrome I want to go through.
Ecology brings up some cases. View these, all great cases. 1989 Kalahari, that's what we're
going to talk about soon. That is a bit of a controversial case as well as the South Africa
1996 case that was mentioned by Stringfield. Good cases. Scallions, thank you so much. I really
appreciate your support. Thank you very much. Lou Elizondo keep constantly saying that's like
finding a 747 in King Tut's tomb has me wondering if he's hinting at finding something in Egypt
quite possibly. And I like the analogy of handing the nuclear device to people in Victorian era
as well in terms of the strangeness of this technology. Don't you think it's interesting
how figures like Elizondo and Grush have acknowledged we've made crash UAPs and are reverse
engineering them but won't say how much progress we've made? Yes, absolutely. And as far as I
know, I don't think Grush specifically is touched on the concept of ARV or successful reverse
engineering at all. The extent that I've heard is of course from public sources is that little
progress has been made in some instances, but this could be isolated to various defense contractors
or programs. I think it's not too far out of the question to say that this program similar to the
Manhattan Project is highly compartmentalized. There's probably various aspects of the program.
Various defense contractors are probably not sharing their data between themselves. So yes,
sorry, enjoying the cold brew here. Cold brew. Sorry guys, I can't speak today.
Speaking of Menzel, Colthart has recently interviewed physicist Beatrice Vareal,
Ville Vareal of the top 100 in the world who alleges Menzel destroyed some of the astronomical
plates at Harvard. Yes, this is true. This is called the Menzel Gap. And there's another
astronomer who has talked about this. This is called the Menzel Gap where much photos of
kind of earth skies were basically destroyed by Menzel. Menzel Gap. Very, very cool. Yes,
including the Washington flap that was 1952, specifically UFOs over Washington DC, which
led to a CIA sponsored press conference by General John A. Sanford and Roger Raimi to dispel interest
in UFOs. Virginia is the most famous crash retrieval case. It has details that James Fox
didn't cover in the film, such as the death of animals in the zoo where the NHI was cited.
I've heard that as well. Of course, James Fox probably couldn't get to everything, but he did
a tremendous job with Moment of Contact. What do I think about Patrick Jackson's theory? Gary
Nolan just talked about it. If anybody doesn't know Patrick Jackson, he focuses on spheres, orbs of
UAP. The crux of his argument is that spheres generally travel in groups of three almost in a
triangular shape where I don't know the full basis of a theory, but basically the three spheres work
in conjunction to navigate and participate in the space around it. I think Patrick Jackson
has a lot of images to back up his theories. I've never sat down and really dove through
everything, but of course, I think I've referenced some of the images and orb photos he's used before
because they're so dang interesting. There are claims, yes, Kabul, Afghanistan. I think this is
86. There's a Moondust file on this as well, but there's also stories of, I can't remember
where I've heard it, but of an Afghan embassy, or maybe this was an Iraqi embassy being built near
a UFO, or over a recovered UAP. Dead Fish Cheese Brez said, I saw a UFO 100 feet over me on January
10th, 23. I filed a MUFON report, number 127890. It was shot down over Alaska on February 9th,
23. Pentagon. Oh, did you witness the Alaska shootdowns or the craft that led to this? I'd love
to hear more about this, man. If you could give me some information on what altitude the craft
was flying at shape, see if any of the five UAP observables made sense to you, no visible signs
of propulsion, and so forth. I'd love to hear about it. Stories about Mercury, yeah. I think this
involved early stages of electrogravity, like rotating plates that contain Mercury. I think
I'm trying to use my head right now. Was anti-gravity research shut down? Was physics misled? I don't
think it was shut down. I'm going to be talking to Ryan Wood and Michael Schrat, if I can swing it.
I know you'll like this, Kai. Ryan Wood thinks the concepts behind anti-gravity were really
mastered in the 50s, and this is when ARV and reverse engineered craft were really put into
practice. Michael Schrat thinks the 60s was this time that anti-gravity was mastered, and reverse
engineering vehicles were put into practice. I'm going to have both of them on. We're going to
talk about these topics, and that is going to be a heck of a lot of fun, and I cannot wait.
Michael, you are awesome, brother. Thank you very much. Some of the radar data on the Washington
Flaps still managed to survive. Yes, it did. Christian, thank you. I'm sorry, brother. Thank
you very much. Any idea what this darker reality, Lou Elizondo, keeps hinting to what could possibly
be so bad? Well, of course, there's the threat theories of invasion or the sober reality behind
abduction and experimentation, if those are real. But these could be the darker reality.
Lou and a lot of the TTSA crew really push the threat narrative a lot more than I'd say
people like Grush do, and that is something I try to pay keen attention to.
Have I seen any of the weird MH370 videos? Yes, I think most lives, there's a couple
of questions about this. I'm staying clear of MH370 for now. I know that is a dang toxic sphere of
research, and I got plenty, plenty to look at outside of that. Regicide and non. Hey,
say less. I know regicide and non. I absolutely will. Keep doing what you do. Peyton Duke, thank
you so much for the $10. I really appreciate it. Optv, we still believe despite no UAPDA. Yes,
guys. Seriously, one minute, we'll talk about the UAPDA because I also am not crazy discouraged from
the shootdown of it. Christian, thank you for the $2. I really appreciate that as well. Thank you
so much. Kai, do you see footage of an ARV being tested over Groom Lake that was posted on the
Discord? They took a picture of the craft and it kind of looked like a flux liner. Yes.
There are, who posted in the Discord the TR3B folder as well? I need to look at that for some
other alleged ARV vehicle constructions and videos, but yes, I have seen that Groom Lake video.
What are your thoughts on the Reddit EBE posts? Is this the EBE that was associated with a Battelle
Lab and where the molecular biologist really goes into detail of the anatomy of EBEs? I would like
to talk about that, but I'm going to need a biologist on there for something. I'm well out of
my depth and I might be able to read the summary and say, hey, this sounds great, but I really cannot
offer any insights besides just saying this sounds interesting. So, dead fish, these were
shot down over Alaska, Yukon and Lake Huron. Not a balloon. I saw one. What was the shape of these
objects? I'm really interested to hear you say that. I got evidence of a clip I can send you of Jim
Semavan saying NASA can't tell us the truth even if they wanted to because of a SAP and executive
order. The clip isn't public. Unfortunately, it's Semavan. Please send that to me, uapgroom.gmail.com.
I would love to watch that. Ross Goldhart had a Swedish astronomer who's also part of the
Sol Foundation. She found potential evidence. Yes, I can't remember her name, but a trusted
person who runs another YouTube channel, another content creator, passed along her information
to me the other day. So, I'm actually going to talk to her. Edgar Fausch and Mark McCandlish.
Yes, okay. Kai, I know you like Mark McCandlish and there will be a video on him probably in
the very near future. I'm covering this because I have a little bit more to add to the story now
of Mark. I've talked to a couple people about it, but we'll just say that the
Mark McCandlish story got a little bit more interesting for myself in particular.
Menzel Gap, first UFO debunker, yes. First UFO debunker, maybe because that happened in 52
and right before the realm of the Robertson panel and so forth, but probably. Was physics led
down the false rabbit hole of string theory? I do not know. I know the debate over string
theory, M theory and so forth, super string theory, but I'm not a physicist and physics was
always my weak area. So, if I speak on string theory, I will probably sound like an idiot.
Adam, thank you so much. I really appreciate your kind words, brother. Thank you.
Yeah, okay. Dead fish. Tell us, brother. So, dead fish, if you've just joined, is talking about
observing in 2023 in January. The objects that were allegedly shot down over Alaska
and Lake Huron and so forth. I'm making a video about it, long story, but I saw it go from
horizon to horizon directly over me a hundred feet up. It was going about 150 miles per hour,
silent. It was a bright orange burning quartz crystal. Dead fish, if you make a video on this,
please let us let this crew know. We will, I will point the community towards your video.
We will support the heck out of it because that sounds fantastic and I cannot wait to
see your research and thesis here. So, that anti-grab is his hus, is hus hus and to keep
the mainstream from catching up. This is, this is, this is likely. There is also a really interesting
realm of research around anti-gravity spawning out of Alabama. I know Ross Colthart, as well as
Eric Weinstein has touched on this as well, but this sounds likely, yes. And especially in the
50s, there was so much work being done into anti-gravity research. Check out Jesse Michael's
work, his video about tea towns and brown, as well as his recent project with a Nick Cook.
They're fantastic. Dead fish, nobody, listen, nobody's doubting, doubting your credibility here. I
think every single person in this chat is super interested to hear about your story. Super
interested. Shout out to whoever mentioned Maje Brazil. Yes, absolutely. Crackerjack,
thank you so much for the five dollars. I really appreciate that. You finished your
masters in engineering. What realm? That congratulations. I don't know if I'm smart
enough to get a master, so that truly means you are a smart cookie. That is awesome.
If I had to take down an NHI brute, are we talking like a brute from Halo?
The best mixed martial art move that would work for all types. Get a Tomahawk elbow in there,
man. Get a Tomahawk elbow in there. I have a video and seven statements from other people.
Okay, so yeah, dead fish, if you're creating a documentary on this, please let me know and I
would love to have you on a live. Once you post this, we can talk about your video because that
sounds absolutely phenomenal. I cannot wait. You also said you saw a bright orange upside down
burning quartz crystal. Another person said it was a giant translucent craft. Now, this is very
interesting. What do you think about how certain UAP encounters and hotspots in particular seem to
be connected to other strange phenomenon like Bigfoot and Poltergeist? Jacques Filet has talked
about this. Yeah, like the more high strangeness of UAP, hitchhiker effect and so forth. There's
a podcast I love. It's a couple of Australian guys. It's called Mysterious Universe, if you guys
have ever talked about this, and they talk about high strangeness involved with UFOs, especially
in regards to skinwalker ranch. So I talk about this all the time, stuff like psionics is I'm
really trying to get comfortable with this and UAP and high strangeness is even more uncomfortable
for me. So I got to move really slow when it comes to like UAP, the hitchhiker effect, Lou
talking about green orbs and other strange stuff, some of the skinwalker ranch stuff because
I'm just so out of my dang element. So out of my element. See, fish, you got some you got some
support in here, man. You got some support. Okay, guys, let me answer this last. Hold on,
let's see this. Do you know Chris Mellon was highly involved in the Stargate program in 95 once it
got moved to the Senate? Seems like people think he just recently got I had no idea he was involved
in Stargate. Do you have any documents or something touching on this because I would very much like
to see that. History buff. If you went to med school, yeah, let's either hop in the discord
or shoot me an email at uapgurvegmail.com because I would love to kind of get your thoughts on that.
Okay, we will go through these guys. Lou has alluded to religion and spirituality many times.
Yes, he has. If there is a classified document on religion just to see how he reacts, I'm not
allowed to talk about that. If I do get to talk to Lou, which I've I've hoped I've been able to,
but I haven't got a chance to yet. Absolutely. Fat rodents. Thank you so much for the $10. I
really appreciate that. Really appreciate that. How about the JFK and UAP connection JFK MJ12?
I'd say it's the big ticket item. There is a I think one of the really interesting things to me
is that Reuben Efron, the case manager assigned to intercept Lee Harvey Oswald's mail in I think
1955 or a little bit after also had registered UAP sightings while on train with other officials
throughout the Soviet Union. There's just a lot of really interesting connections with JFK
and UAP, especially MJ12. Given the Virginia incident, I don't think I'm getting close.
I don't think getting close will work. Yes. If you if anybody's not familiar with the
Virginia incident, according to the story one, I think it was a local police officer actually
physically touched the the bean that came from the craft. This bean was super slick, super slimy,
wreaked of ammonia and actually died of a very mysterious death very soon after.
The mysterious universe is awesome. Yes, it is. Aaron Wright, Benjamin Grundy are two hilarious
Aussies. Okay, guys, we are let's move on to talking about the UAP DA favorite all time UAP case.
Uh, geez, I don't know if I have a favorite case. Probably my favorite crash retrieval is
Kecksburg. I love that story, but I also love Kingman as well. And I also there's just I don't
know if I have a favorite man. There's there's too many. There's too many. But okay, guys,
let me pull up. I'm going to share my screen in a second here. And we will get on to some of this
stuff. Let me figure out how to present, present share screen.
Okay, entire screen.
Okay, so as everybody knows, if you have been, oh, let me let me answer this from Kyle, a super chat
man, 20 bucks. That's incredible. Thank you so much. Have I looked into the Tianjin airport
sighting in China? No coverage on this very briefly, very briefly, but I would like to
look a little bit more about how UAP sightings over the airport kind of shut down airport
operations. We'll look into that more. So as we know, first posted, I'm shown a post by Matt
from the Good Trouble show, the UAP DA to be included in the National Defense Authorization
Act of 2025 was shot down. This was done by primarily Senator Rand Paul and so forth and
only three parts of the actual UAP DA made it into the actual, I think this was not for the
National Defense Authorization Act this year for 2025, but the Intelligence Defense Authorization
Act or something similar. Because here we can see these three aspects of the bill that actually made
it into the, we'll check in a second, I can't remember if it's the defense or intelligence.
But we have Comptroller General of the United States review of all domain anomaly resolution
office. We have sunset of requirements relating to audits of unidentified anomalous phenomena,
historical record reports, sunset is just kind of like the closing of and section 1003 funding
limitations relating to unidentified anomalous phenomena. I think in this post as well as others
people are talking about how this might be the one positive thing to come from this, the funding
limitations, but we need to remember that program activities, reverse engineering,
crash retrieval, these are are likely kept deep hidden deep within USAPs to the point the they
can avoid audit purposes and audit findings and reshift reshift under SAPOC if needed. So I don't
think funding limitations as seen with Congressional oversight will have any effect on program
activities. So these are the three parts that made it through okay into the Intelligence
Authorization Act for 2025. So if you guys have heard of the site open secret, you can actually
find lobbyists and so forth for bills and for various pieces of legislation. So as we saw with
the three pieces of UAP materials that made it into the S.4443, I'll just call it 43 from now on,
there was one company, a defense contractor in particular that specifically filed issue reports
with this with Title X. Can anybody guess what that is? That is, you're probably going to be
right if you guess, but you can also see the tab. So that's going to, I might as well just go into it.
Battelle, now if you've followed my channel before, you know we've talked about Battelle,
we've talked about the possibilities, possible study of meta materials under Battelle dating
back to the 1940s. Here with Title X, we see that Battelle itself had issues relating to
microelectronics and device cyber protection. That microelectronics statement is extremely,
is a big standout to me, but also we can look for other lobbying with it filing issue reports and
objections to the Intelligence Authorization Act. We see BAE systems. If you've known you,
BAE systems, this was the contractor that if, so if you know some of the lore from the channel
and stuff I've covered, you will remember BAE systems from the story of a three star general who
allegedly showed classified reverse engineer technology to a BAE systems employee in 2003
or 2004. Battelle Memorial Institute, Lado Sink, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman,
University of California Princeton. So some universities as well, but these are some of the
usual suspects we'd expect to see, especially about legislation that may have effect on private
industry and UAP. Now, if anybody knows Christopher Sharp, which I'm sure many of you do of the
Liberation Times, he wrote an excellent piece on this. This came out September 20th, 2024. So
just the other day, if anybody read this article, there might be something that stands out too
about this, but I'm going to read it. Okay, I'll read it word for word, maybe not word for word,
but we'll go kind of quick. So actually, I'm not going to read it word for word, because that'll
take too long. But in this article, Chris Sharp talks about the UAPDA being shut down. This was
introduced by Senators Mike Rounds, the Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer. I'm sure most of
you have heard of this legislation will know it as the Schumer Amendment, including the 2024
and the 2025 UAPDA for the NDAA and Intelligence Authorization Act, and so forth. I would really
recommend reading this article, but things get a little interesting here. Chris Sharp states,
we'll actually go up a little bit. So if passed, the UAPDA could have unleashed a process revealing
that the US government and defense contractors possess retrieved craft, which are according to
the act capable of transmedium travel, instantaneous acceleration, hypersonic speeds, and positive
lift. List of the five observable or list of some of the observables of UAP craft is outlined by Lou
Elizondo, five now six famously, if you include cognitive effects. Liberation Times has learned
that the CIA currently facing mounting criticism over alleged dishonesty regarding anomalous
health incidents Havana syndrome, if anybody doesn't know, along with the Department of Defense
and Department of Energy has consistently bypassed democratic oversight and retrieving advanced
objects of unknown origins. According to Liberation Times, these materials are subsequently sent to
national labs and select defense contractors, including Lockheed Martin. So all stuff that's
really great to see in writing, right? But nothing new here. Of course, the CIA, this is in reference
to the OGA, Chris Sharp is the person that wrote the Daily Mail article about the OGA and JSOC
recovery teams. Reading on, we read a little bit more about the UAPDA, but this article came out
in I want to focus specifically right here guys, specifically right here. This article came out
September 20. It is now September 22. Holy crap. Two cents. That is insane. Thank you so much.
That is unbelievable. And I will eat so much to pull. Thank you so much for this. I really
appreciate that. Thank you. And Teddy, I'm also from Cincinnati. So thank you, man. Greetings to you.
But thank you again, two cents. So this article was put out September 20.
It's September 22. There has been a massive revision to this article,
a massive revision, because I've read through this today, preparing for this live. And there was a
specific mention of a specific organization that wasn't present in this article. And I was flabbergasted
because reading through this when it came out, you know, I saved the file just because I was
worried something like this would happen and so forth. So but thankfully, other people have
talked about this on or have saved this link on the web archive from its original posting, guys.
So let's go to let's go to the original post here, guys. And let's reread. This is the original
article that came out on the 20th by Chris Sharp. All of this is public information. I'm not revealing
anything on previously unknown. Multiple programs are understood to be orchestrated by the CIA's
Directorate of Science and Technology and its Directorate of Operations,
including its maritime branch alongside components of the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office,
US Navy, National Reconnaissance Office, Space Command, National Geospatial Intelligence Agency,
and Joint Special Operations. According to Liberation Times, missions carried out by these
programs include the retrieval of objects beneath the oceans, including the CIA's Directorate of
Operations, the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office coordinated between the CIA and US Navy,
United States Special Special Operations Command, and submersibles from the Woods Hole Oceanic
Institute Oceanographic Institution. Now this seems like an insane redaction from the original
article, doesn't it? The original article mentioned CIA doesn't mention CIA's Directorate of Science
and Technology. It doesn't mention the NRO and OGA. I mean, sorry, the NRO and NGA, the two offices
David Grush worked for and was as liaison to the UAP Task Force, and it sure as heck doesn't mention
the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office or the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution.
If you guys have watched my lives before, remember, I shouted out one of my buddies, Max Parr, who
donated it to the channel and asked if I had done much research into the National Underwater Reconnaissance
Office. A little bit behind the scenes I had, but I was shocked to see this posted by Chris Sharp.
Now look at the end there, guys. Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution. Now there is a very
tasty treat of research we can go down here. So one, I can't remember the gentleman who was talking
about forgotten languages. Forgotten languages has its own post about NRO, the National Underwater
Reconnaissance Office. This, for anybody who doesn't know, Forgotten languages is like a
really strange encrypted website that has really spoken about a lot of UAP stuff, whether it's
a LARP, whether it's not, but this was mentioned a lot in the UAP timeline, a collection of links
and so forth that was sent to Congress before the 2023 hearings. This is what that article looks like
if nobody's read it. It's a fantastic piece. I reference this with all of my cases,
but Forgotten languages is an anonymous site in the public domain and it's like an encrypted site,
but that's not what I want to talk about. The National Underwater Reconnaissance Office
is developed for the U.S. Air Force in CIA to manage satellite reconnaissance and it's often
known as the hidden brother of the actual NRO. But let's talk about the Woods Hole, or I'll just
call it Woods Hole from now on. So Woods Hole, its mission statement is Woods Hole is dedicated
to advancing knowledge of the ocean and its connection with the earth system through a sustained
commitment to excellence in science, engineering, and education. Pretty standard, right? Who we are,
what we do, vision and mission statements, they probably have some federal grants and so forth.
My computer keeps giving me notifications. Let me turn off my secondary speaker. Sorry,
guys. If you can still hear me. Yeah, okay. So I had no idea NRO even existed. Most people do not.
It's not very well publicized and we will probably see why after here. So if you guys remember my
Offworld Technologies Division video, the certain location that was spoken about much work was
done with that and it's a fellow contractor, SAIC, Science Applications Center National Corporation,
by analyzing contracts and grants to the contractor. So
WHO Woods Hole has received quite a bit in federal grants and federal awards since its inception.
Since 2001, there has been a total of $3.3 billion awarded. Many of these,
IDIQ indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity, IDV indefinite delivery vehicles, IDC indefinite
delivery contract and so forth. But there are a few of massive interest here to me at least.
This contract in particular between Woods Hole and the Office of Naval Research for O&I.
This was for communications, navigation and unmanned vehicles for Arctic operations. Now,
if you haven't heard of O&R, I've talked about it a few times. Many ufologists and researchers have
talked about it a few times. I think I talked about O&R specifically in relation to a paper it wrote
on psionic research in 2008 to 2012 and the validity of psionic research. So this is just one
contract that Woods Hole has with Navy. There's also contracts, one of its largest contract vehicles,
for $794 million over the span of nine years was with the Naval Undersea Warfare Center.
Now, if you guys have watched the Off-World Technologies Division, I talked about a sister
facility, the Naval Surface Warfare Center, the sister facility here to this location in Newport,
Rhode Island. This project was to procure hardware, materials, and supplies as well as
services to develop, build, fabricate, integrate, evaluate, and support the unmanned undersea
vehicle, UUV, for family of systems. So remember what Chris Sharp wrote about here,
that the Woods Hole, in particular, along with Nuro, is used to retrieve underwater crash
retrievals. And actually, just so we can see, over in the DPI archives, there's a great...
I'm going to put this graphic up when we talk about underwater retrievals.
It's a great graphic. Just from Greer, I have no idea in what relation this case is to. I've
tried to figure it out. You know how Greer's files work if you've ever been on the DPI archive,
but just a nice thing to look at here. So we can go further. So the National Undersea Warfare
Center, just like I said, the sister facility to the Surface Warfare Center. This is in Rhode
Island, not too far from the location I spoke about. But we can look at other contracts with
Woods Hole. Here is a contract with NSWC Crane. And you know what contractor it's with? SAIC.
I had zero idea this existed or that Woods Hole had contracts with SAIC. SAIC, if you've never
seen the video in the Off-World Technologies Division, I studied it. I went through the testimony
of a whistleblower in an interview that stated that Off-World Technologies was being studied here,
were being studied here in a division called the Off-World Technologies Division,
with a present contractor after much abundant research. Myself and my friend Kermit had determined
that this was SAIC, Science Applications and International Corporation. This specific project,
it seems like a very small amount of money. What was for research and development of
expeditionary weapon systems for Naval Sea Systems Command, NAVSEA, Naval Surface Warfare Center,
Crane Weapon Systems Division, JXN, and program executive office unmanned and small combatants.
Now, remember what we talked about in the Off-World Technologies Division, why the specific
I spoke about was there to test experimental conventional weaponry, where he was taken to
the Off-World Technologies Division, where one piece of technology was guessed to be a weapon
due to an electric discharge during recovery. I find it very interesting of the mention of
expeditionary weapon systems here, but this goes even further, guys. There's more contracts here
with tons of contracts with NSWC Crane, with the Navy, with the Air Force, and so forth. But
let's look at this specific contract for engineering services, National Defense R&D Services,
Department of Defense Military, Experimental Development. I found this piece, the most
interesting or fishy here. This IDC indefinite delivery contract was awarded sole source to
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute because the government believes that the supplier has unique
capabilities that cannot be otherwise obtained. Now, what I mentioned there, the Woods Hole is
the only kind of non-profit organization because Woods Hole is a non-profit, federally funded
institution that has any sort of submersible or these kind of R&D capabilities. I wanted to
introduce you guys to this statement by Chris Sharpe that was edited out of this article,
as well as Woods Hole, because I am doing a massive research project on this. It's not
next video, but I'm doing so much research on this and the National Underwater Reconnaissance
Office. This mention by Chris Sharpe was shocking to me of a specific mention in this specific
non-profit for undersea crash retrieval operations. And then to see that this company, this non-profit,
has ties with NSWC Crane, with the Underwater Weapon Center, and so forth, was really shocking to
me. So I wanted to talk about that a little bit. There's going to be a lot more research done there.
But if you guys found that interesting, that Chris Sharpe article in the mention of the UAPDA,
I have not seen anybody talking about that particular omission from his,
from his, nobody connects the dots better. People do do it better. If you guys see on
lives, I struggle very much to speak. I trip over my tongue because I'm trying to think of so much
stuff so fast. But so this is going to be a kind of a main line of research for myself. And if I
can find any similar witnesses, whistleblowers to talk about this, you guys know I will. So I hope
everybody found that interesting. Next, I wanted to talk a little bit about, and if for anybody who's
kind of in the discord or something, I'll post all of this stuff. I'll put an invite here if you
guys want, but I usually put all my research files in there. So just a good place to talk if you
want to review the research files. So next, there was a pretty interesting Reddit post yesterday
I kind of want to talk about now, that I'm sure a lot of you guys saw this. It actually blew up a
little more than I thought. Sorry, guys. And it says, Hello, everyone. I made my dad a promise
when he passed away last week. He worked for the Pentagon from the 60s to 80s. Now, if you guys
don't know, this is another long, so before I get to that, yeah, huge loss with the UAPDA, but
still have hope, my friend. I'm of the mind where I think that our best result is going to be with
a little bit more catastrophic disclosure. I do not think we're going to get much,
even if the UAPDA passes. Remember, there's an executive order program that was created under
Obama that automatically factors things of nonhuman intelligence. This could also be AI
to be automatically devoid of any sort of declassification. And it would take an equal
and opposite executive order to remove this sort of mandatory non declassification standard. So I
never really had high hopes for the UAPDA. Anyways, there was always going to be the struggle of
eminent domain. And at some point, it was probably going to get shot down again. The encouraging
thing is that, of course, the UAPDA has been killed, but we still have our hearings coming up
in November. Sorry, I was looking at talent. You've tried contacting all the main UFO channels
and email and chat, all of them completely ignored. What is fake, man? Let me know what's going on.
What is going on here, bro? I'd like to hear about this.
But so let's talk about this Reddit post. And we'll check in with you, Tal, and see what you're
saying, because I just wanted to talk about this a little bit. This isn't a long line of another
Reddit 4chan whistleblowers who have made some strong statements, deleted their accounts,
or kind of gone AWOL afterwards. The famous one is the 4chan whistleblower that came out in 2023
who talked about the large hamburger 3D printing facility under water and kind of the ORBs,
the UAP ORBs really being hammers. Just something interesting I want to talk about. This is the
newest and the latest of long lines. I do plan to do full breakdowns on the last person I talked
about who talked about the acorn shaped craft being on a sort of gyroscope inspector and so forth,
and the 4chan whistleblower. But this, I'm going to read through this, and then I have
another one of these kind of anonymous sources that relates this a little bit.
Okay, remarkable job, 6468. And I will be trying to contact this individual who says,
I'm really nervous, scared, and not sure what to write, but I'll do what I can.
I don't expect anybody to believe me, but I made my dad a promise. He worked in the government and
told me he was in the more secretive side. He said that he worked with NASA from the Pentagon
closely from the 60s to the early 80s. Closely, very, very closely. He didn't tell me much on
his deathbed other than what I'll put below. He died from pancreatic cancer and didn't care
anymore about hiding things. I wanted to post this earlier, but I was really afraid. I don't even know
if this will be accepted or deleted or if anyone will believe me, but I'm keeping a promise.
My dad told me that the mood landings are definitely real. I already know there's going to be
controversy there, but there's more to it. He told me the race of the moon was an invitation
by aliens who watch Earth. That's why both of the Soviets and Americans were so crazy to reach it.
He told me he saw pictures that the public won't get to see and remembers it like yesterday.
Pillars clustered together in the background in pyramid-like structures.
Neil was giving a wide map of Earth as a gift to a creature that was half his size.
Neil, so Neil Armstrong, was giving a wide map of Earth as a gift to a creature half his size.
He told me the astronauts were not told about this until the very last moment for security reasons.
He told me the invitation was a test of humanity's capabilities and that the first
country to reach them would be partners with them. I always knew my dad as I grew up was a big shot,
but this was just too much. He told me he didn't think they would come after me,
but he said a dead man switch with someone if something happens to me because of this post.
I don't know what else to say really. I'm so anxious I want to puke,
but I want to see those pictures badly. Like I said, I don't expect anybody to believe me,
my dad, believe my dad or me, but I kept my promise he was really hopeful the last five years
before he died that things would be out there, but he has been mad at the government and told
me he doesn't care anymore. Anyways, I hope you all have a good day. Also, why did they remove the
content of my post but not lock it? They didn't even give me a reason. Of course, that's super
interesting to read. I have a little problem with the operational security of this line here,
not telling astronauts until the last very moment about possible sightings of creatures of non-human
intelligence that doesn't seem very... Oh, actually, this was posted in Aliens. If this was cross
posted in UFOs, I actually asked Joey, it's not my name, who's a mod there. What the heck happened
if that was removed? But that seems like terrible operational security, right? Not to tell these
astronauts who may have severe anxiety or panic attack upon. We need a creature half their size
that's of non-human intelligence. Now, this person right here, according to their dad, this isn't
the first testimony of individuals who state there's video or pictures of non-human intelligence or
UAP either en route to two or back from the moon or on the moon itself. I know I've talked about
an individual in the hidden within the Greer research files. There's also astronauts who
have made outstanding comments on astronauts who have made outstanding comments on NHIs such as
Gordon Cooper and of course, Buzz Aldrin. I found this interesting in particular, not by itself,
but because this reminded me back from June of another 4chan whistleblower, right? And this
reads a little bit to me like a lark. Of course, all of this could be... This reads a little bit
like a lark just of all the details. But this person talks about a program at 18 where he was
utilized on such as Gary McKinnon's non-terrestrial officer sent to the moon where there are pyramids
that when he got close to said pyramids, they kind of messed with human cognition similar to
other stories of getting in contact with the UAP itself. This could be drawn to stuff like the
witness I covered RA or possibly the infographics whistleblower and so forth. So I would call BS
just on the comment about the dead man switch requires user interaction to verify they're still
alive. Yeah, this post, the reason I wanted to talk about it was just because it reminded me closely
of this accountant. I like talking about these statements. I think there are some that probably
have more validity than others. If you guys read the one and I think it occurred in July,
it was about a person in the 24th STS, which is a special forces unit in JSOC that stated their
captain was kind of sent away to mysterious operations. And at one point he talked that he
kind of was on the case of the retrieval of a craft that really shook him to the core. So there's
some that are more believable than others. Generally, I find the more detail added, the more they are
a little hard to believe. That's why the statement about the astronauts not being told into the last
second and possibly the dead man switch is a little bit a little bit more as maybe a little
bit too much icing to the story, as well as this case right here. But this individual,
there's there's six shots. There's six shots of this. And I will post this in the discord as well.
If you guys want to talk about it more, because I don't want to just read through the whole thing,
right? There's so much. But the gist of it is this person is sent in like a non terrestrial
officers to the moon. I think under the moon surface, there's large caverns according to
this person, which are pyramid structures, as people get close to them, their cognition suffers
and so forth. I think I think this individual doesn't talk about seeing beans, but recalls
echoes and sounds in these caverns that likely were not made by by humans. So if you guys want to
at some point read through the whole thing, we can, but I won't do that now. Let me look through
some of these real fast. Check your email. I sent you a fascinating Reddit post from last year
that has since been removed. I saved, oh, from the molecular biologists. I think you're talking
about the EBE. Somebody was talking about that earlier. I think they stated this, this study
was done out of a Battelle laboratory near an army base, if any of you guys know specifically which
which base. That's a really interesting story. I know there's been a lot of back and forth on that
encounter. Again, I said I would talk to a biologist just because I'm, I know next and nothing
about biology. Thanks for pointing out the EO. I appreciate that, man. Good look at the data,
rather than just dismiss stuff because it doesn't fit your bias. There are things taken more seriously.
Yes, that's a, that's a great point up. Yeah, I might have a picture in my head of how I think
things work or what stories are true or not, but I still try and analyze almost any story I can,
even if things don't necessarily like scream true to me at first. I still think they're
worth checking out. Details of stories as well as kind of cross referencing to other cases. Let me
get a invite to the server here. Let me get an invite to the server. All you've got to do is watch
the press conference with the astronauts once they returned from the moon. They weren't happy. They
were in shock. I've seen that as well. I think it was, there was an individual in my discord who
was talking about this and he was saying that this clip is often used. The astronauts seem very
kind of distant. They seem dissociative from their current events. This could be because they
encountered something or just because they were so kind of shot from the mission at hand. I'm not
really sure. I haven't seen the, the, the video in a while, but that of course is referenced
quite a bit when people talked about, you know, especially the Apollo 11 crew discovering strange
things on the moon. And I think a bunch of people have asked me about this before. There's of course
Stephen Greer's whistleblower controversial. And I think I've talked about him just referenced his
name, Carl Wolf, who states that Wolf, sorry, that states there have been photos and images of
things on the moon. There are also multiple entries in Greer's DPI, their, his witness list in the
DPA archive. I think there's almost half a dozen of, of entries that state they saw photos of
structures and so forth on the moon. And then you have guys like Buzz Aldrin, Apollo 11 astronaut,
who I, does he still, does anybody know if he still talks about the Phobos monolith? Phobos,
a kind of a moon of Mars where there's a supposed monolith that Buzz Aldrin had talked about quite
a bit. What do you think about the alien biology reddit post? We'll talk about that once I can get
some biology under my belt. I think with, I think I would, we'll probably talk about this specific
one here with the moon in discord and we'll just kind of get things running. We don't need to get
too involved in that here just because I don't think there's much connection to ufology at a
wider scale besides maybe the integration of a non terrestrial officers list if it involves Gary
McKinnon's case. I want to cover the four chin whistleblower that talks mainly about the under
sea self replicating facility. The person I talked about in the Kecksburg video, the 24th STS guy
and the might and the biologist. If I can get somebody who understands biology and can actually
help me out because okay, this was in Fort Detrick. Okay. Yes. Okay. Fort Detrick, Maryland. I think
it's an army base and I think it's by Raven Rock, which is a huge underground facility. If I'm not
mistaken, anybody know where I can find the 2023 Greer timeline, UAP timeline? Are you talking about
the timeline that was given to Congress? I can send a link. If anybody has a, I don't know how
to send you a link either connect with me on email or come to the discord because that should be
posted there. Sorry, I'll get through the Battels National Biodefense Lab. Yes. And we know from
Vitell, they are direct. Oh, wrong one. Sorry. They are directly lobbying against the UAPDA. So
Vitell is always a customer of interest. Real quickly, I like this question. I know it's a
little bit outside of what we're talking about right now. What two piece of advice would you give
to a new BJJ student BJJ? If you guys don't know is Brazilian jiu-jitsu. This is my jam when I'm
not doing research or doing any sort of Tom Flurry. I'm trading jiu-jitsu. If you are a brand new
white belt starting off, I would really focus on conserving energy, knowing when to apply pressure
versus knowing when to back off. It is a, I can't tell you how many new guys will, you'll get them
in a good position side control, take their back, even something like get them in your close guard
and they will score them and you can feel them shaking their muscles are contracting so bad,
you will gas out incredibly quickly. So just focus on relaxing and applying strength and
technique only when needed. A lot of jiu-jitsu is about conserving energy, not applying it.
Number two, start to find, start to start working on your guard game early. You got to have a good
guard. If you want to smash, you got to be able to prevent the pass. That is what I would say.
Oh, sorry, I'll get to that in a second. Talon, what are you guys are talking about? I think in
the comments about Las Vegas. If some, if you guys are talking about that, fill me in.
King of NHI and BJG, no man, I'm just a purple belt in jiu-jitsu. One day, one day we'll get the
black belt, one day. Is it challenging? No, I'm in charge of neither guys. I am not in possession
of classified information on an HI. I just do research. I would very much like to be able to
have more information and I get smashed by black belts all the time. That Battelle Lab Post talks
about the alien religion again. Is that a sigh up or can they not disclose because of Cosmic Core
that we can't comprehend? This is the, the Battelle Lab Post is the biologist post, the Reddit
whistleblower. I think, am I right in saying that in that post, I'm just trying to reference off the
top of my head. This supposed individual references NHI religion in terms of kind of like a karmic
outlook where these beings kind of focus on their output of intentions into the universe
and so forth and kind of what comes back. I'm trying to remember off the top of my head. I haven't
read that in a good bit. Do you think of the recent Diddy allegations and indictments being
released at the same time when this topic of, I don't, probably not with, I don't think the subject
of, I think the stigma, I don't think Diddy and all this has anything to do with UAP. I think the
stigma does a dang fine job in not having people care about this. I'd still recommend trying to
talk to the average person in your life about UAP and NHI. I guarantee most of people would, will
laugh at you and say, nope, probably reference little green men. And then that's when you start
discussing facts and then they will back up. Connor, no, I had an open mind on UAP since I,
since the day I could read. This has always been kind of my top subject. When I was growing up,
part of the reason I went into engineering was I always had some little bit of fever dream
in my head that I could work on reverse engineering technology just because I was so
fascinated in particularly Bob Lazar growing up. So yep. So I'll put this down and then we'll talk
a little bit more about, we'll just do another little bit more questions right now. If you guys
want to talk about stuff, do some more Q&A for the 10K stuff. The stuff I talked about with the
neuro and sorry, and the kind of Woods Hole and so forth. This is a line of research I'm working
on right now. This is pretty new to me. Of course, the article came out two days ago and
Chris Shark does fantastic work. I can see why this portion of the article was removed. Remember,
guys, I'm not putting out any classified names or locations or anything. This was all public.
This is all public information I'm talking about, but I think there's a lot of really
interesting research avenues there. We focused on NSWC. Now we can focus on NUWC. We can focus on
all sorts of these underwater crash retrievals, which I think is a huge overlooked aspect of
crash retrieval. You can talk about 1964 Shag Harbor. I scour the career archives every single
day. If I can find out in what way this article, sorry, if I can find out what that piece of the
undersea triangle is referencing, if that's a case, if that's a whistleblower who has spoken to
Greer, I will try to do that as quick as possible because I'm fascinated.
Ortle Chow, thank you so much for the 10 bucks. I really appreciate it. I will continue to keep
doing this. This is my passion. Talking with you guys, as I know it's so many of yours. That's why
I'm very honored and just thankful to have everybody here. There's so many people in this,
the chat all the time and in the Discord. I want to shout out to Kai and Rectified in particular
for always having receipts, documents, and so forth to talk about. Kai, if you're still in here,
we will talk about Mark McCandlish as well very soon because if you're still here and want to know,
I will talk to you about the new developments in the case, but there's some really interesting
stuff. Talon, yes. My name's just Gerb in there. You can find me anywhere and anywhere as Gerb.
Sorry. Okay, some theme or someone. I used to dismiss Herrera due to the helicopter debunk.
I softened up to him once. Joey explained why the insider actually did take him to the facility.
Yeah, the helicopter photo is still probably one of the most contentious pieces around Michael.
Many people, including myself, believe that this was actually an individual named Ethan Dorian.
Now, Ethan is not available for comment. Joey has tried to reach out to this individual as well
and talk to him. I believe it was Ethan. He had an accident. I think it gave him brain damage.
It was just a random accident. I think it was with livestock or something,
but this is what myself and others believe. Of course, the issue with the camo match.
There are aspects of the camo that match up, but there are other aspects of the camo that
don't seemingly match up perfect. That's one of the biggest arguments against Michael.
Of course, just with the amount of content I've made on Michael, I think you guys know
I'm much more interested in this case and I do plan on probably having Michael on again in the
future. I think he even mentioned once he might be, because Michael and I both live in Colorado.
Maybe we'll link up to a live stream. I think that'd be a lot of fun to answer questions live
with him. I'd love to do that, but The Insider was another fantastical and hard to believe detail.
Yes, I completely understand as well when people talk about just the difficulty in believing about
The Insider, especially with the book like Sentinels of Ether and so forth. A lot of people like to
brush that off. This trick on Dobser that's so unlikely when there's books like Secret Machines,
there's in Jesse Michael's new video with Nick Cook. Names are escaping me right now,
but there was another kind of rocket scientist and anti-gravity researcher that wrote another
fiction on flying saucers. Actually, Kai, if you're in here in ARVs in the 60s, it's super
interesting as well. There is a lot more to that Michael's Insider story that I hope one day this
individual comes forward. That's what I hope and pray almost every single day. I would love that
more than anything because his testimony could be extremely powerful. In Nova Scotian, and now
thanks for everything you do. Love and peace. Thank you, man. Yeah, the Shag Harbor story.
That's a fantastic, fantastic case. I've heard from Justin Bush and Abduk T and former Marine
Corps that digital camouflage uniforms have actually matching patterns and some of his did.
Justin Bush is interesting. I'm part of a group that he just joined. I'd like to
I'd like to talk to him a little bit because he is a really interesting abduction case and I know
you guys know I've never really dipped my toes into abduction and so forth. This could be a
good opportunity to talk firsthand with somebody. What do you make of the large underwater structure
near Catalina Island coastal area disappearing off Google Maps relatively recently? Yes, I think
that's been posted by Timothy Gallaudet, too, of like a almost censored Google Maps piece.
So I believe I've actually talked to Ryan Wood about this. He has kind of theorized that there
might be two possible locations of interest of maybe underwater bases, maybe just hot spots of
USO activity, one off Catalina Island, one off of Florida. I also know institutions like UAPX have
been historically looking at Catalina Island in particular. So I think of any places to look,
that's probably a really, really, really good place to look. If you'd like to
vindicate Mike in that regard, yeah, so the camouflage you're referencing, yes, that is still
an ongoing thing to talk about, absolutely. And we got Max Parr in here. Max Parr just
shouted you out. Thank you so much. Keep up the good work, Herb. Sending support as always. Do
you think we'll get any documents from Nuro in the upcoming UAPDA release in October? I would,
I don't know. We might need to do some FOIA requests, especially Nuro projects or grants or
awards with Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute now. That might be the new line of research to
pursue. Kermit may have told you about this, but I've been talking to him a little bit about the
research today on kind of Nuro and Chris Sharpe's article. So he might have brought that up with
you, but it's super, super, super interesting. Have you seen the Skinny Bob videos? I don't know.
There's been so much, so much debate like about Skinny Bob. I don't really have an opinion here
just because I don't really see an avenue to get to the bottom of this case. I think it's the same
with John Stewart's Alien Interview. There's just a kind of endless discussion about it.
I'll steer clear, there's plenty of research projects that I'm really passionate on that I
think I can really kind of advance the conversation around. I'll stick to those.
If there's a topic that I don't really think I can provide value on, I'll probably steer clear from.
This was kind of my take with Kecksburg just because there had been so much done on it,
but I really wanted to approach a few new angles kind of with Eric A. Walker with Johnson and so
forth. But if I don't think I can add, I'll probably just wait, just wait. The guy to do a
deep dive into Amy Eskridge that I would, I'll probably put her in a video alongside the likes
of guys like James E. McDonald. Amy Eskridge was interested in anti-gravity research who was,
I don't know if I can say the word on YouTube, but did pour things to herself. I think you get
demonetized on YouTube for saying such things. But yes, Amy Eskridge is a really, really,
really interesting case that deserves further research. I know a place in Outer Banks, North
Carolina, what play? Oh, like a underwater hotspot. I would love to hear more.
People used to dump huge amounts of toxic waste in the oceans out here by Cattle in the Island.
I did not know that. Foya, the videos from the fighter objects, fighter jets that shot down
the objects. Who knows if that Foya will even work it. I'm also trying to learn how to adeptly
use Foya. Otherwise, I might just ask and wait 36 months just to get nothing like I know many
people do. John Greenwald also gets frustrated with Foya requests and kind of gets played all
the time. Will we get videos? I don't know. Absolutely don't know. The skinny Bob videos
look like CGI. The movement looks like bad CGI. And then Starlinger is talking about the,
the skinny Bob videos are more interesting at 1.25 speed. I haven't watched skinny Bob for a
long time, so I really have no kind of valuable input right here. Max Barr, if you are a Foya
person, Neuro is a high value target for underwater UAP reports. Similar to NRO, National Reconnaissance
Office with fast walkers. It's the sister office focused on the ocean. Yeah, if you guys,
I've talked about fast walkers before, if you guys don't know about this, these are objects,
fast walkers and slow walkers entering or leaving earth's atmosphere. We talked quite a bit about
that in relation to Bob Fish and so forth and DSP, the defense support program. And
yes, Neuro, this is something I want everybody in here to keep research, research on. And Max,
you're getting a shout out by Hicology. Amy Eskridge, yeah, not so sure if she did that to
herself. Another person of interest that I will include there is Mark McCandlish. If you guys
don't know, Mark McCandlish was found dead in 2021, historically from a self-inflicted wound.
However, recent interviews dating back to like 2014, 2017 and so forth, Mark McCandlish spoke. He
slept with a pistol under his pillow in fear of his life. In 2014 as well, there was a documentary
made on Mark McCandlish called, I think it was called, Fluxliner and Zero Point Energy.
This was made by a filmmaker named James Allen. Before the completion of the film, James Allen
was diagnosed and dead with an extremely aggressive form of cancer within the span of a couple of
weeks. In his autopsy, he was also found to have suffered from heavy metal poisoning. So
a lot of weird deaths around that McCandlish story as well. So there has been a chemical
dump near Catalina Island in the 40s when the nation's largest manufacturer of DDT began
dumping waste into the water. I don't like to hear that.
So talking about Skinny Bob, the movement looks more realistic and fluid at 1.25 speed,
which appears matches the speed of the film they were shot on. Okay, yeah, I don't know about the
kind of original film. If what kind of film was Skinny Bob shot on, I know that probably plays
a huge role into analysis of the film. I just do not, not too, too familiar. Have you heard of
the Chains of the Sea story by that Lou references about alien arrival, yet they're here to talk to
other non human intelligence that exists on a deeper dimensional layer of reality on earth.
I know that piece, it's a, it's a book that Lou references, but I have not read it.
Chains of the Sea, I have it in a reading list, but no, I haven't, and I didn't even know what
it was about. So that is very interesting. So Frank Milburn, I have heard of Frank Milburn,
close friend of Amy Eskridge, that she was terrified before her ultimate demise,
which we'll talk about guys, because that is something or someone has a great point here,
bringing that up. Bart, any comment on Google and YouTube censoring regarding this topic?
I know there's, there's Ross and Timothy Gallaudet have talked about Google Maps in particular,
particularly censoring places like Catalina Island. I may be censoring, maybe just shadow
banning and so forth or shadow hiding results. But also, you have to remember that the vast
majority of the world populace and US populace still think that UAP is just a common conspiracy
theory and there's not much to it. And the story of little green men is for crazy people to make up,
which really infuriates me. Zach Brad Swanson from the Flexliner story should still be around.
Yeah. Yes, not all I'm going to say there, if you're listening is yes. Yes. Catalina is also
a point of operation for legit Coast Guard ops. I wouldn't think the blocking of Google images
is more mundane, but I could be wrong. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. I do think it's interesting
that of all people, Timothy Gallaudet, if I'm remembering correctly, if I'm wrong, correct
me, because I don't want to misquote, talked about this specifically. Max Parr, have I looked into
the JDC two and the possibility of an accelerating UAP transparency, especially with the involvement
of Carl Nell, someone going on the record soon, I have not heard of JDC two. Let me let. No, I
have actually never heard of JDC two. If Carl Nell is talking and possibly somebody else going on
records, the joint all domain command and control Department of Defense program that aims to connect
military sensor and communications assets into a single network, the possibility of Nell speaking
and somebody else, possibly a first hand person going on record, that isn't I would love to hear
more about that. If you believe in angels and demons, you believe in aliens. So they kind of
in reference to like the Collins elite that Lou Elizondo talks about some powerful DoD figures that
revere UAP as demons and are somewhat terrified to look into the topic just due to religious reasons.
What information is she hand talking about that's supposed to be coming on October 18th? I have not
the faintest idea. I have not heard she hand talking about anything like that. I know he had an event
last night somewhere in Santa Cruz, I think it was. I think it was just to talk, but I have not heard
of it of him talking about specifically October 18th. Zach, we'll talk Brad Swaranson. I'm glad you
bring that up because I kind of want to save that for a piece on the candle. I have to have
some element of surprise. Terrible with withholding surprises, but that should be a fun piece of the
video. Has anyone figured out what the symbol on the bottom of Lou Elizondo's cup was? He blatantly
took a fake sip of the cup just before raising it to show the bottom. I've seen a lot of this
talk about Lou's cup. Now, I've seen the video. Is it for sure a fake sip from his cup?
Because I'm not sure what the symbol is. I know there's been a lot of analysis on this, but
to me at least I couldn't see anything recognizable in that clip.
So, Bart, you're saying the censoring is so bad. Searching your own YouTube watch histories hides
the video. That's interesting. There has been, I think, a couple of people who have said they've
been unsubscribed from the channel. Whether that's nefarious, I don't know. I won't make any accusations
maybe, but I don't know. Hiding from your watch history, that is weird. So, October 18th, that
UAP records are due to the National Archives. According to some folks, the file size is 1.3
terabytes. Yeah, Lester Nair has spoken about this. Some of these files are actually available.
What, if there's any impactful files, we shall see. I know in the available files right now,
a lot of them are files from Greer and so forth. So, I don't think there's a ton to go off on
those. I don't have too high of hopes for National Archives files, but I'd love to be proved wrong.
You know, the video is based when there's a Wikipedia disclaimer above the description.
The thing is, I'm not even sure why Kecksburg, why there would even be, in the latest video,
a disclaimer. I mean, the Kecksburg Wikipedia page just talks about the story and doesn't offer any
of the conventional explanations. It even talks about the Cosmos 96 story being kind of refuted.
And, you know, of course, there's stuff like that on other videos, but that in particular,
why do I keep looking to my left? I got another monitor over here and I'm just looking at it to
just ensure other stuff is going on good. I'm sorry, I'm not a crack and I promise, but I got
another screen up there. So, I'm just, if I'm looking off to the side, it's just because there's
another screen. It's nothing else interesting. Regarding Lou's interview, I've seen the full
video and it's not as suspicious when you watch the full thing. He audibly sips multiple times,
at least on the bottom of the mug. You know, a lot of the time price tags come on the bottom of the
mug. I do see a world in which this was like a tag that just kind of got a bit mangled and wet and
disheveled, but I have not kind of clued in on if this was a secret message or not.
Have I had a chance to see the hundreds of pages of Canadian documents on the UAP shoot downs in
Feb of 2023? No, but I have that on a list of stuff to look through. Deadfish in the comments
earlier was talking about possibly witnessing this event in person and he's making a video on it
where he's interviewed witnesses and so forth, including himself. So, I would really, really,
really like to see that when it's done.
Probably dead end, but have you looked into the alleged recordings of landings on military base,
the Holloman landings? Yes, I have. And I will talk about that. Specifically, Gordon Cooper, this
occurred in 1954. Gordon Cooper said he saw this film and it was recorded by his team,
his team of surveyors on the site at Holloman Air Force Base, where a craft, I think it was
a bit of a classic saucer design and I think, I can't remember if he discussed like landing gear
and landing mechanisms here, but touchdown and departed. And there's also the famous story of
Eisenhower and I think this was also in 1954 meeting and creating agreements with NHI too.
That's of course a very famous story.
The symbol on the bottom of Lou's cup is described as tape, but I'm sure that NSA could have a
listening device as thin as that to plan on somebody if they're tracking. It would be funny if Lou
found it. Absolutely. I mean, I'm sure he's probably being tracked in multiple ways. Absolutely.
Wikipedia is totally compromised by guerrilla skeptics. Yes. What a, if anybody could remind me,
what was the story of Mick West? I think he was either changing Wikipedia entries or his own
Wikipedia bio was changed. If anybody could fill me on what that story was, I'd love to remember.
There, of course, I've even talked about improved various edits of stuff being deleted,
like in the Koyama case where there's no reason for deletion and also no sighting of sources by
Wikipedia people. And it's very frustrating. Is there any reason to think that forgotten
languages is not a LARP? It kind of seems like it may have been made by a crazy person
posting nonstop for 15 years on encrypted format in an ARG of LARP.
Any reason to, like any evidence I have off the top of my head or on hand to say it's not a LARP?
No. But that requires a full investigation. Of course, it is very strange. And of course,
at first glance and kind of looking through the encryption and so forth, it seems like a crazy
mofo kind of worked on this page with the amount of encryption, the amount of strangeness and so forth.
Radilio, that's a cute dog, by the way. What are your thoughts on Bob Lazar? So we talk about this,
I'd say almost every video, I personally do not comment on Bob Lazar because I cannot separate
my own biases away from the facts of the case. There are arguments for and against Bob Lazar.
I want more than anything for his case to be true because it had quite an impact on my childhood.
You can see the sports model behind me that Bob Lazar created. So I tend to stay away from Bob.
I have positive things to say about him, my negative things to say about him. I hope more
than anything that his case is true. But it did leave a bad taste in my mouth after the
2023 hearings when he said, I told you so without testifying. I didn't really like that.
You familiar with the whole theory that these crash and landed UAP, we recover our gift to
push our technological and cultural evolution in a particular direction? Absolutely, donation
theory. This was talked about by Grush in the Ross Goldhart interview that many of these craft
have been just kind of found left unattended in his own words. And this was also the crux of the
story of third hand arrow whistleblower Eric Tabor who stated that his, I think it was great
grandfather, great, great uncle at area 51 encountered and heard the story of an egg shaped
craft that was found in the Nevada desert, just completely unattended and left alone. So yes, I
the argument versus craft versus donation craft is one that I kind of often try and keep in mind
during every crash retrieval video I make. I really want to hear more stories where some of these
craft have supposedly been found just left unattended. Because I mean, if Grush specifically
talked about this, he made a specific point to access that some of these craft are almost appeared
to be gifted, that I think there's a lot of things worth checking out here. Good trouble
did. Yeah, good trouble is great. Matt from the Good Trouble show. Yes. Are you talking about
Wikipedia? Please. Any stories, cases that you initially dismissed as BS but came around to
later post 2017. I'm a lot more open minded about this kind of thing. That's a good question.
Geez, I'd say before probably the 1992 Long Island case, I initially just dismissed it as
hearsay, but I think there's a lot of investigation that has been done that's worth discussing a lot
more investigation that needs to be talked about that case. 1992 Long Island. Spent a lot of time
researching the forgotten language. Oh, Matt Ford. Okay, so Matt Ford did an episode on this.
So, Huckology. Yes, you did spend time on the Forgotten Languages website and the guy turned
out to be a convicted fraudster. I can dig through the docs, links when I get home five minutes. Yes,
please, that would be super helpful. Okay, that'd be great to talk about.
It's strange that David Grush has mentioned of having firsthand knowledge edited out of his
News Nation interview with Elizabeth Vargas. Yes, it was. Because a lot of people have stated that
Grush has not had firsthand knowledge, which he has stated multiple times he has. And this
piece was edited out, as well as there was a small piece that was edited out of the July
congressional hearings, right, the official video. I can't remember what exactly that was, but yes.
There would be no Half-Life game without Bob Lazar, hey. Half-Life is a fantastic game and
hopefully Half-Life 3 is being worked on. Looked into the Reynolds from Forest incident,
forgot the U.S. company involved, but Professor Simon Hollins has been digging into that interesting
stuff. Yes, I have looked at a lot of the witness testimony around Reynolds from Forest. And I would
like to make a video on it when I feel like I have something new to contribute to the case,
because it has been talked about so much. I don't like doing cases if I'm just
rehashing stuff, everything other people have talked about. Sorry, I'm just going to get some
water. I'm going to move away from the mic. But absolutely.
Rogan mentioned how many times Lazar explained something to him in a private chat and explained
a few things. I can only assume he doesn't want to admit to any crimes. Yes, throughout the,
I think it was 2017, Jeremy Corbell and Bob Lazar video on JRE. Numerous times there was
reference to discussions being had about various topics that occurred at dinner the night before.
I'd like to see Joe talk about this a little more, especially because I have,
do have problems with how Joe treats guests like Bob Lazar and Travis Walton versus Lou Elizondo
and David Grush. Give Elon Musk one year with one of those. One of what? A retrieved craft?
I'd like to see it. Max, guys, any comment from Max is well worth reading. This is for any
anthropologist out there. If anyone is an expert with or know someone who studies Berber history
slash symbology, please reach out to me. Some weird similarities to she hand symbols. Okay,
that is, that's interesting. Guys, if anybody is an anthropologist, either talk to Max or talk to
me and I'll get you hooked up with Max because Max is one of the best researchers I know.
They say that anyone can say an element number and they'll be right just like 115, which is now
known as a night now. I think 115 is a Mozgovium, right? 115 is Mozgovium. It was synthesized in
2004 as an unstable element in Russia. But yeah, you're right. Anybody can just claim a random
atomic number that hasn't been synthesized or proven to exist beyond theory yet.
Seems like it could be a mix of donation landings and crashes and also maybe some shootdowns using
exotic weaponry like Herrera talked about with his insider. Yes, Greer and others have talked about
the shootdowns as well, including some people I've talked about on the channel. Yeah, one solution
isn't mutually exclusive, just like there could be multiple factions of NHI, multiple origins of
NHI on the planet. There could be multiple modus operandi for NHI. Possibly some of these are,
their craft are forced landing such as the Kingman crash. Possibly some of these are being shot down.
Possibly some of these are donated, maybe a particular species and that command some of
these egg shaped craft. These almost seemed like a formed in a piece of liquid metal shaped craft
like to just donate these craft. I predict element 119, we'll say it powers something when it's
synthesized. The gift theory permits the Prometheus myth and the serpent in the garden. Pretty spooky
if there's something to it. Yeah, Prometheus who stole fire from the gods and gave it to man.
It is, it is a, it is a kind of disturbing and sobering theory, but also very inspiring to know
that there could possibly be some sort of species that is trying to encourage this species on this
planet to try to pursue a certain lineage of technological evolution. The gifts donations
are a test we are not passing. I think even without the donations, we would pretty much fail to pass
any test with the way in which humans kind of treat each other and treat this planet.
Congrats on the 10k. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Thank you.
Shardul, Intel background throws up Rogan's red flags. I think, I think we talked about it last
time, but it's really comical to me how Mike Baker, the former CIA agent shows up. I think he has 14
appearances on JRE almost after every single UFO guest. Joe, maybe I don't, I don't know if Joe is
necessarily nefarious. I just think that Joe's Joe. What are your thoughts on Dan Burrish?
Night Shift made a good video, quite detailed, compelling story personally, but what are your
thoughts? So I've listened to Dan Burrish's, I've listened to his like two hour interview,
I think two or three times through. I've also read the Project Quarious document,
the really long piece that details the 3D makeup of S4. I think those drawings were done by Michael
Schrat. And it's, Burrish's story is, it almost, almost in a way, and this isn't discussing his
credibility or anything seems too perfect. It's just so detailed, incredibly. I know Burrish is
still out there. I know he's difficult to track down. I would love to speak to him. I find some
of the most interesting stuff he talks about, not necessarily J-Rod, but the craft and levels
at S4. That is probably what I'd want to pursue because at least according to the drawings from
Michael Schrat, the location while Burrish was there and described, there was the Roswell
recovered craft, there was an ARV that at least according to Michael Schrat's modeling or whoever
created the modeling and sketches for this place looked very similar to the Fluxliner,
Mark McCandless, ARV craft. Doesn't Lazar have a sample of 115 hidden away? He states he does,
and I think Area 51, Bob Lazar and Flying Saucers, the documentary from Jeremy Corbell,
stated that this was why the FBI raid occurred, although I don't know if they're supporting
evidence of that. I think George Knapp stated he had a recording of the element 115 being utilized
to power or like a makeshift reactor or something, but taped over the videotape, which is also
not a great statement. Keep up the good work. Thank you, brother. Nightingale is the middle
that retains its shape. Yes, this is what I myself and others have theorized was discovered at the
Roswell crash, likely and sent to Patel as a titanium nickel alloy to study as the shape retaining
metal or memory metals. You should look into the aerogel, air alloy vacuum drones and the U.S. Navy
nemesis system. If the tick tax, not NHI, these systems tech may be the closest possible possible
explanation. Cool. That's I've actually never, I think I've heard briefly of the aerogel,
air alloy vacuum drones, but not the U.S. Navy nemesis system. So absolutely.
Personally, I believe the vast majority are spy satellites, UAP or spy satellites.
Matt Ford posted the gloves are off at the end of a statement in the Disclosure Act getting cut.
I assume this means catastrophic disclosure or catastrophic gorilla disclosure. Yeah,
I mentioned this before. I'm of the mind where even with the passing of the UAPDA,
to get it passed fully, there would still be arguments about eminent domain and so forth.
I also think more whistleblower protections need to be put in before any meaningful whistleblowers
come forth. I also do think there probably needs to be amnesty clauses for legacy program members
and so forth. There still was some teeth missing from there and I probably catastrophic disclosure,
hopefully in a non too catastrophic way is probably going to be our way forward.
Dick Cheney is the head of UAP secrecy. It's fascinating. Yesterday I think Dick Cheney was
also mentioned by, he was mentioned by Barish, right, as J2 in the Majestic 12. I think so.
What do you make of the claims that the ARVs are using zero point free energy systems? I think that,
especially with the flux liner from Mark McCandless, that he states is under
kind of zero point and so forth. Sorry. I probably say that there's some validity to these claims,
early MHD anti-gravity systems, electro-gravidics, especially the Mark McCandless story just because
I think that of most of the whistleblowers Greer talked to in the 2001 disclosure project,
I think McCandless probably has the most interesting and fascinating story and something that is
still very relevant to today. So I think that a zero point, I've heard rumors that of various types
of propulsion systems for ARVs, including electro-gravidics and so forth, but zero point,
that corresponds to McCandless's story, and I find that a fantastic one.
The Susan Goev, Rogan. Two detailed, like Cliff Stone and Dan Eyre. Yeah, Clifford Stone,
that is somebody I particularly left out at the Kecksburg video. He made outstanding comments
on Kecksburg, but he is somebody just because I wanted to analyze fully because of some of his
claims being a little bit too descriptive and final that just to leave out. Oh, no, no, no,
you're good, George. It's okay. I'm not a chemist. I'm sure a lot of people aren't chemists. There's
a lot of dang elements to keep track of. Have I heard of the Eyes on Cinema YouTube channel? How
many archived recordings video? I don't know how the heck they get their files, but Eyes on Cinema
is great. I'd love to know who actually runs the account. It seems like they have media that has
never been seen before. Their new video on Area 51 is also great. I think they posted it a day or
two, so I'd really recommend watching that. According to Wikipedia, Mozgovium, this is in
relation to Bob Lazar and Element 115, is a super heavy synthetic radioactive chemical element, also
known as EK-A-Bismuth. Richard Dolan supposes metamaterial is a bismuth alloy. Is there a
connection? I'm not sure, but I've also heard of the bismuth connection, but I do not know. I don't
even know if there's been able to be a Mozgovium that's been a stable element. I think it decays
after a very, very, very short period, and there's never as far to the length of my knowledge.
Lab's been a stable version of Mozgovium. Rogan is so flip floppy, it honestly annoys me. He'll be
all in one secret, then says his BS in the next podcast. Yeah, I used to be a huge Joe fan, but
I've had a little bit of a grudge against him ever since Grush was on there. I really don't like the
way he treated Grush. Maybe they just, when wandering around and about, forgot to turn on the
cloaking, we stumble upon their ship and they came back to a bunch of boomsticks monkeys forming on
their ship quite possibly. Yeah, there are stories of cloaked UAP, especially with Danny Sheehan
talking about the golden domes detection methods, which can actually detect cloaked UAP. Of course,
low observability is one of the six observables, according to Lou Elizondo. So maybe they go out
to forage some berries and come back to that. The recent Eyes on Cinema school sighting was that on
Westall School in Australia, because that's a great case. As a Greek, I could very clearly read
the engravings on the Roswell Debris. It reads, which means freedom, maybe a hoax. Cool. Are you
talking about like the eye beam from Jesse Marcel Sr. and Jr.? Is there anything to Jason
say? He seems low credibility. Eric Davis said he lied about being one of Grush's 40.
Him being on Twitter, Gary Nolan criticized him too. I think we do have to step back from Eric
Davis a little bit on there. Eric Davis has been chatting quite a bit lately, especially about Lou
too. I think that I am trying to analyze Sans' story in a vacuum far away from the Twitter stuff
and a lot of the kind of Twitter space that has come with it. I know multiple intelligence community
people that all think Jason Sans is a fantastic person. They hold him to a huge, they hold him to
such a high regard. They say he's a wonderful human. The reason why he may have gone on Twitter and
so forth was just because he's that type of guy who just talks quite a bit. So these are people
I trust and they all speak very highly of Sans. They can, of course, can't prove his story,
but they all support Sans. So I'm trying to approach Sans' story from a lens of kind of openness,
just because I would like to speak to him if I get the chance to. But I do think that sometimes
Sans doesn't really draw the line where he's speculating versus talking about firsthand
knowledge. And I think that can be a little bit of a problem. The person who breaks the biggest
story in history is not going to prison, especially as reported, their deaths are attributed to the
program. Yeah, but if it's a firsthand witness, they could lose their pension and if they're not
getting a big media deal or something like that, they and their family will have no money.
That's at least what I know is an issue with some whistleblowers, not the threat of death,
but the threat of pension pension removal. I would bet Kissinger was MJ one up until his passing.
I think according to British Kissinger was like MJ five, MJ six. There was another person that
had implicated Kissinger in MJ 12. I can't remember who it was. What kind of music does
Gerb listen to? I'm a big hip hop head. But I do not like a pop hip hop. So I'm a bit more classic
of like, I like like the old Kendrick Lamar Denzel Curry, some classic 90s rap. I also like
electronic music in Juno Deep. They're probably my favorite producer. I love listening to their
projects, but a little bit of everything, man. I'm just not a big pop music kind of guy.
Max Barr says, do you think it's morally right to keep zero point energy from the public to the
disclosure of zero point collapse or civilization due to economic instability or something else?
I feel like this is such a difficult question to ask now, especially if zero point energy
systems have been in practice for decades, if for years, if not decades, right now, the introduction
of zero points systems, I think would certainly collapse economies and collapse systems as we
know it might have to completely shift to a global resource based economy as zero point systems would
fix most energy crisis and production crisis and travel crisis and fossil fuels. I do think
it's morally wrong to have kept zero point energy from the public, especially if it was
conceived back 50, 60, 70s or so on, but also having that sort of, if for the average person to
have access to that sort of technology could be very dangerous. Just like nuclear, the formation
of a nuclear bomb, the blueprints are kept classified, but the actual knowledge and use of
nuclear technology is not, I think zero point systems should be the same. But yes, I do think
it's morally wrong, but that raises such a quandary of having to completely reassess how
global economies, global markets and global governments work.
McCandless could have been fed disinformation. Mark never saw anything, but his friend told
him about it. His friend is Brad Sorensen, and do I think Brad Sorensen is disinfo? No, I do not.
My pupils, my boy, those pupils, what are you on, my friend? A little bit of cold brew
and some bright lights, man, some bright lights and trying to read. Nothing, nothing else.
Have I read through imminent? Yes, yes, I have actually read it in almost reverse order. I've
read it on a chat on a specific chapter basis. Any thoughts on why conventional jet aircraft
and weapon systems continue to be developed if ARV exists, money laundering, ARV may not be
reliably prohibitively expensive for mass production. Yeah, who knows the cost of producing
one ARV craft? Who is in control of the ARV, what program? There could possibly be elements of the
breakaway type civilization here just because Locking Martin has, let's say, a Martin McCandless's
flux liner doesn't mean it's going to be shared and doesn't mean if they have one flux liner,
doesn't mean it's going to be put into production or its blueprints are going to be shared to keep
an asymmetric advantage. Of course, as well as David Grush says that the reverse engineering
is used for feudalistic dominance and asymmetrical advantages. So I think there's
quite a few reasons why. Not sure all your cards yet. Who knows, maybe if there was a
global conflict, you would see a Northrop Grumman or Locking Martin ARV. I certainly like to,
but not in that context. No one wants to know Ross Colt Hart's source if he revealed the location.
Okay, while no one wants to know Ross Colt Hart's source, if he revealed the location
with the UFO under the building, would you want to go ninja? If he revealed the location,
would I, I just, as far as I know, there could be national security implications and violations
if he revealed this place. If he did, ninja in the sense of researching for probably 30 hours
nonstop to try to get to the bottom of this. Yes, absolutely. Okay, recording to McCandless,
someone should file a FOIA to verify the presence of the US Senator that McCandless alleges was
president at the air show and saw the ARBs. Oh, okay, this is in my notes, man. What was the,
I just wrote this down, who Brad Sorenson said he was with. He said it was a former
like director of some sort of intelligence director, a tall white Italian man with white hair.
He names the name who he thought it was. I just can't remember it right now, but
yeah, absolutely. That individual is no longer with us. I wanted to contact him, possibly his
children. Ryan would always talk about sometimes if kids are adults, now of their parents implicating
some of these stories, just reach out to them, see if they know anything about it. So absolutely.
That's his right to change his mind in what, in what, oh, in regards to Joe. Yeah, I think it's
just towards the treatment of guests in relation to Bob Lazar versus people like Grush and Elizondo.
It's just a bit strange. What is your favorite case of antiquity? I understand Lou being more
interested in modern incidents, pre-reports, pre-47. Of course, there's the Aurora incident,
but I'd say Cape Girardeau, 1941. Yeah, Kai, I'll find the name and I'll let you know. I haven't
written down. I just don't have the notebook on me right now, but yes. Got to check out the Groom
Lake mine Ryan Wood was talking about. I found a few articles, Nothing Juicy, not even sure how to
start that one. Yeah, I think it's a boron mine right in the Groom Lake area, which would be the
perfect foundation for an underground facility. And that was started well before the creation of
the Area 51 facility, which is mentioned, which is managed by Edwards near at Groom Lake.
The I-beam Reads Freedom. Do you know if Jesse Marcel has sketched out what he saw the symbols
specifically because I see a lot of I-beam photos and so forth, but I don't know if the symbols are
exactly true to exactly what Jesse described. Everybody's going to pretend, put some shades on.
Well, that's because I got a light right in front of me, man. But I think my pupils are
normal sized, I think. I don't see anything wrong with my pupils. But who knows, man.
The fact that MH370 videos are so compelling yet you won't even give it on is concerning.
I'm sorry that it's concerning to you, but I won't. My honest opinion is that I'm just
not engaged with the videos right now. And that's because I know there's so much toxicity
and drama around them. And also, my research style, there's so much other stuff I'm trying to
focus on right now that I will leave the MH370 videos to others at the moment.
Have you read imminent? And any comment on the Divide UFO Talking Heads are having on
Elizondo stating, overstating his role and responsibilities at ATIP and Stratton going
to release his own book. This has become such a conundrum, right? And there's been so many
like Twitter personalities and Twitter people discussing this. And
John Greenwald made a great video with the OSAP ATIP documents. I really don't know what to make of
it. I really don't. There's just so much foreign against Lou. But do I think Lou is dishonest and
a liar? No. But maybe there's some overstating his role and so forth. But hopefully we can get to
the bottom of this. I'm sorry. I know I'm kind of rambling on that subject. It's been really
weird to follow. And it seems like every day there's a new development or a new statement from
Stratton, Stratton's wife, Eric Davis, and so forth. OpTV, thank you so much, man. Been here
since 3K. I know a lot of people have. I appreciate that. Corona. Eric Weinstein suggests if NHI
has time travel, they could be looping back to Preventus from getting evidence of them. We need
our own disinformation countermeasures for disclosure to make that happen. If they're looping back
in time, that introduced the awesome theory of the bootstrap paradox. If they're looping back in
time because then eventually in the future, that same civilization will go back in time. And that
means there's an endless loop of these NHI going back. That's a fun time travel paradox to go down.
Eric Weinstein, I'm excited. I'm happy he started to talk more about UAP. I think Eric Weinstein
is extremely intelligent. Sometimes he is a little bit too intelligent for his own good,
but I'd like to see him weigh in more on NHI. The issue of anti-gravity is extremely difficult.
In one side, it can transform the planet into eotopia. Under a year on the other side, it can
trigger World War III in a few hours. Absolutely. And the study of anti-gravity of late, Jesse
Michaels has been knocking out the park with his videos. What's an ARV? Oh, sorry if we haven't
talked about this. Yeah, HECOLOGY mentioned an alien reproduction vehicle. This term was coined by
Mark McCandlish when his friend Brad Sorensen stated at Norton Air Base in 1988, November,
at an air show. He was taken to a classified division with three craft of a kind of a saucer
type shape, not like two saucer dishes pressed against each other, but like the top half of the
saucer with a ball on top were called alien reproduction vehicles came in three sizes operated
off of I think Sirpointe Energy, possibly ElectroGravityx or MHC Plasma. But yes.
Have you read the account of Dan Sherman above black? No, this is still at the top of my list
because I've been recommended so much, but I'll be fully honest, I haven't been able to get through
it yet. But I really want to. Have you heard of the Q94 non-human tissue sample? Is this the
implant? I can't remember. Is this the implant everybody's been talking about?
Hello, Eric Davis's boss reported to Lou Elizondo, and that was that was how put off or
I can't remember. There's so many dang names. I'm having trouble remembering right now.
Sorry about that. Can't wait to read about the Scott Andrews story when it comes out.
Everyone seemed to have forgotten about that one, including myself. Scott Andrews,
that's on the tip of my tongue. Shardles remind me of the Scott Andrews story. I know this,
but I'm forgetting. Are there alleged crash retrievals in Florida? No, but I think there's
McDale Air Force Base in Florida, which has been implicated with retrieval stories and so forth.
As far as I know, I can't think of any retrieval stories off the top of my head,
but there is McDale AFB, which is of interest. Of course, Joe has the right to change mine,
but it's disingenuous to be one way with one guest and the next have a different guest and
say it's all probably BS. I agree. Yeah, I just don't like how he talked about,
talked to Grush and reference him. This guy knows what he's talking about. That's why
you're getting this. I appreciate that. A lot of the time I ramble, man. I only know what I'm
talking about when I sit down, when I have time to sit down and write like a 7,000 word
script and then record it. That's when I know what I'm talking about. Otherwise, I can ramble.
Any cool dreams recently? No, not really. My dreams are always nonsense. Absolute nonsense,
man, involving sharks or stuff like that. I never have anything important in my dreams.
What do you think of the carrot documents leak and how they compare to the 4chan EBO?
LARP leaker. We talked about this a little bit earlier. The EBO, there's so much interest in
this. I can't remember what individual said he had a biology background from med school,
but we're going to talk about the whole dang documents. We can finally try and reach a bit
of a conclusion or some progress here on the channel. New to your channel since last week.
You're the best. You're the best, man. Thank you for joining, dude. Thank you.
Herrera's case is so significant because it implies special role for people with
sixth sense. If true, this could alter the human evolution goes. Maybe the biological part is the
core secret, possibly. Remember, Dr. Eric A. Walker in his interviews with Henry Victorian,
aka, no, Armin Victorian, aka Henry, as of the hell in 1980s, when Dr. Eric A. Walker was asked
about UAP reverse engineering and crash retrieval programs because he was implicated by Robert
Sarbacher, the physicist of the Joint Research and Development Board and co-worker of Vanavar
Bush stated that to gain access to these programs, he said to as of the hell and he proposed the
question, what do you know about ESP? Unless you know about it, you won't be invited involved in
these programs. We also know SAIC, SRI International, focused quite a bit on psionics and human
consciousness developments and so forth. And we know that Ross Colt Hartnest talked to him history
about a consciousness connection to operate with NHI craft. So very interesting. Any news about Japan?
No, not much. In fact, I don't really know any stories of Japan and UAP. So that actually
might be interesting to me. There was an article talking about Simon and Schuster publishers winning
a bidding war for the rights to the Scott Andrews story. Remind me the Scott Andrews story. I'm
trying to try to remember. The psychology of why someone would falsely come out as a UFO whistleblower
is very interesting. Doing so seems to have more negatives than positives. It is interesting.
I'm trying to, you know, of course, maybe some people are trying to get like movie deals or book
deals. You know, I'm no comment on Bob Lazar, but you know, so I could see somebody doing that to
kind of get documentaries made about them. Like, and I think Bob Lazar back in the day
sold a videotape of the secrets of S4. So possibly reasons like that. I'm not implicating Bob Lazar.
It's just it is the psychology is fascinating. I hope the megalodon exists. I hope not, man.
You want to sleep in swim in deep water and see one of those. Has anybody ever postulated a way
to augment the function of one's own coddit of petumen? I don't know what that is. I'm guessing
it's part of a brain. So fill me in, man. And I'm probably about to sound really stupid for not knowing
what that is, but please Scott Andrews had some health complications that some adult finds out as
a child. He doesn't remember. Apparently worked for NASA as a 12 year old straight up born. Oh,
okay. So like the gate program project Monarch, I talked to a few people about that at this point.
And that is really disturbing. Kind of like the essence of this are like brainwashing programs
for children to set them up as agents for CIA or other things to create like a dissociative
dissociative state within them so they can be more responsive to influence. That is really
disturbing. Heard any stories about the earliest efforts to pilot recovered craft? Do you think
the level of experimentation was happening during or after World War Two? My guess would be after
and that it's going to be a video soon with Michael Schratt who has a deep history in ARV
stories. If I can get him in Ryan Wood, I know Ryan Wood said he talked to Schratt because there's,
I think there's stories of 60s and possibly 50s of these craft being flown around.
Chris Lado, Chris Lado, of the Lado files is actively investigating the Norway light,
the Heslin lights and produce some great content. Yes, he has. Chris Lado's, I think,
is documentary on the turkey sighting, this all time classic video. Yeah, Chris has done some,
Chris has done some fantastic work and I think these are the Heslin lights. He's been on this case
for a little bit over a year and yeah, Chris is great, great. Lua Alizando vowed for Scott
Anders being legit. Cool. I had no idea. Have you researched any plumber firefighters from
Antarctica who are also getaway drivers for billionaires who are trained for remote viewing
as children? Is this, this sounds like Eric Hecker. This sounds quite a bit like Eric Hecker.
Did he claim all of the the rest of the stuff getaway drivers for billionaires who are trained
for, I wouldn't be surprised. Maybe they found a way to teach people how to unlock the psychic
aspect of their brains by the help of the Monroe Institute probably and I think according to some
of the research, some people are more predisposed to stuff such as this. I had a person reach out to
me stating they were adept in remote viewing and hopefully I can talk to them and see if
their process and if there's validity to this because I'm just, I would love to learn more
and kind of have a firsthand witness of remote viewing and some more complicated psionic stuff
because I talk about all the time it's pretty uncomfortable territory for me just because
I'm such a nuts and bolts guy. I just so much into research and kind of what I know and what
I'm comfortable with. So yeah, an opportunity to learn more is great for me. Have you seen
The Abyss, James Cameron, Underwater Aliens? Yes, that's a great movie. As a kid, you know,
when the kind of the CGI water thing makes its way into the crew bay scared me tremendously.
Do I think Bob Lazar is legit or a liar? I say this all the time. I stay away from Bob because
my own bias, I cannot reach an unbiased conclusion. Justin Bush wanted to get into
contact with Herrera, but especially his insider and he complained of harassment and hacking from
Black Ops on an Abduct T support group. Yes, I think the harassment from him involved a triangular
shapecraft. Justin Bush has a book. I haven't been able to read through it yet, but I will post it
because I think it is worth a read and I would like to read it and talk to him once I can.
In Lou Kit Green, Nolan's Tales, the Caudette Petuman is part of the Basil
in Gilea. I'm sorry, I'm not going to be able to pronounce morphological different in experiences.
We want to know how to make it bigger. Part of the brain. Interesting. I would love to learn more
if you would want to sit down and kind of explain to me more of the anatomy of that part of the
brain and so forth and possible theories on how to increase. I would love to learn more.
Have I watched Heard Stories Lost? Interesting channel about UFOs in Scandinavia mostly.
No, but I should. My girlfriend's from Norway. That would be a really great channel to sit down
and watch with her. Have I heard of research, Dan Brisch? Yes. We talked about this a couple
times. I'll probably say I'll probably do like another six months or a year of research on him
before any discussion of him in videos and so forth. But his interview is two hour long.
One certainly is very interesting. Yes, I'm sorry. I know I cannot pronounce things well at all.
Have I heard of Jack Sarfati? Yes, I have. In fact, he commented on a recent video of mine
and I was thrilled to see it. This was the Off-World Technologies division. He said that
he said something like the beginning was great, but the physics at the end in terms of Salvador
Pais was incorrect. Now, of course, I responded to that and I'm going to try to talk to him because,
yes, please. The Norway diving was cut short because of inclement weather. One short dive
is hardly definitive. The 1967 case, yeah, I couldn't imagine diving in those seas.
Guys, we'll do like 10 more minutes and then we'll hit the road. Let me get through these
questions. But next Sunday, I talked to, if any of you guys are on Reddit and know the account
Voller Records, he has posted at this point a seven, almost eight-part series on crash retrievals,
George W. Bush, Alan Doliz, and so forth and all these connections. I've talked to him. His
research is so dang fantastic. I want to have him on live and discuss his research. So if you
guys know that, probably next week, we're going to talk. This page is about to blow up. I hope so,
man. But do you ever worry about releasing too many long-form videos and using up content before
the algorithm hits? No. The thing is, there is so much to speak about. And with some cases,
I might be able to revisit with new information. Like I know Kingman right now, I could revisit
and make a whole new video of it with improved editing and so forth. So if I ever do that,
need to make a new video on something, I'll fully explain why. Also, I hope as I grow also,
I can, I have the opportunity to talk more to whistleblowers and so forth. So no, I'm not worried.
There are, I can think of on the top of my head, 10 crash retrieval cases alone I'd like to cover.
Witness list redacted another eight to 12 entries. UFO whistleblowers, another eight to 10 entries.
So I got plenty on the mind. Plenty. If the 2004 JSOC vs. Lockheed story is legit,
then Gary Nolan proposing parallel recovery team sounds extremely ill advised. Yes, thank you.
That's what we were talking about earlier. Let's just say that the Lockheed recovery
team who killed blue on blue action killed JSOC members in this alleged 2004 incident.
A bunch of a presumably non tier one personnel going to try and retrieve UAP before these
retrieval teams sounds like a death sentence. It's, it really sounds like it does.
Uh, Lou also, okay. Lou can't pronounce either. Good. If Lou can't pronounce, then I'm in good
company. The gateway tapes are on Reddit. I downloaded them, but haven't tried yet. Gateway in
a, uh, okay. Yeah. Gate programs really interesting. Lou talked about part of the brain psychic
possibilities a few times in his book. Yes, he has. And now at this point, multiple people have. And
I was, I was a little bit surprised and imminent Lou opened up so much about kind of a psionic
potential and so forth. Bradley, congrats on 10 K. Thank you so much, bro. I appreciate that.
I appreciate every single one of you imminent has a section on the part of the brain and it's
weird relation to, to experiences bigger and denser apparently. Yes, but I am just so, uh,
kind of, I'm non plus when it comes to, uh, uh, neurology and brain research. I'll fully admit
I non plus. Do you think the fly by video is legit? I think it looks too real to be CGI. I
lean, I lean a little bit towards, uh, so here's the thing, you know, the, the stories of Lou
Elizondo and Chris Mellon, about 23 minute footage of like a, a craft getting really close to a,
a jet or a pilot. I thought fly by may have been that video. And I actually asked Chris Mellon
and he said, no, the shape was nothing like it. Um, I still, I'd want to revisit fly by a little
bit more, but I, I looked at it pretty favorably, uh, pretty favorably parents. Fantastic show.
Why do you think they talk about craft and retrievals, but not who or what is operating them?
Thank you. I really appreciate that. I think the conversation is shifting, uh, to discussing
biologics. I think, uh, by all biologics, uh, operating craft has been lost throughout time
when discussing crash retrievals. And I'm not really sure why, besides the fact this is always
the most contentious part of a crash retrieval story. Uh, historically fantastic researchers
like Leonard Stringfield, uh, state and freedmen have never shied away from talking about bodies
and have discussed them at length. So I think when you talk about the craft, if it's supposedly
occupied, you also talk about the bodies. And I'm just really glad that, uh, biologics has made
its way into the record, non-human biologics. The Kometa report is very validating. Uh,
the Kometa report, I might not be familiar. Let me know. In my last video, I, uh, pronounced
Shreveport, but it's Shreveport. I used to live right by, I'm sorry. Thank you. I'll, I'll
gladly take any correction in my pronunciation. I know it's always so bad. Eric Hecker claims
he still gets work in Antarctica after whistleblowing their nuclear reactor in space laser
earthquake weapons. I can also communicate with the off-world earth military fleet. Didn't he say
the Antarctic neutrino detector was some sort of directed energy weapon? And I correct me if I'm
wrong, but I do not understand a way in which those physics would work. Okay. Mentioning to Eric,
why is my name UAP, uh, Gerb, that, so Gerb is just my nickname. So UAP Gerb, I wanted something
for the channel, short and sweet versus like, um, uh, the UAP research files and video, something
like that. I want it short and sweet. Do you think, uh, UAP NHI stories can still manifest as ghost
stories rather than UAP specifically? According to, uh, guys like Jacques Valais has booked dimensions
and forbidden sciences. Uh, UAP phenomenon can manifest itself in different ways. This is an
area of research that I myself, besides reading Jacques Valais, I'm not too well versed in. I
still think kind of the hitchhiker effect and the high strangeness around UAP is still something that
I try and wrap my head around and kind of make sense of when I read about it in stories, you know,
Lou talking about orbs in his home and so forth. But, uh, I, I'm trying to look at more stories
where high strangeness is involved, especially stuff like, uh, Skinwalker Ranch. Congrats on 10K,
100K next. I hope so. What do you hope to see for the rest of 2024? Great show.
I hope to see hearings in, um, November and I hope to go there as well as a possible
sole foundation. I hope to see new firsthand whistleblowers.
Can RA or MS testify at the house hearing? Both of these individuals I have gotten, uh,
in contact with more powerful people than I who have more access to, uh, policy and so forth. So
I know both of them were, um, somewhat agreeable to this idea. It is out of my hands now. Of course,
I've still talked to them about it, but I really hope so because they are not as scared as, uh,
one witness that I have spoken about by the name of TB. Multiple small terror hurts wave, uh, guides
installed on the skin of the craft is the thing required to operate. At least some of them it
seems possibly. Yes, it does seem. There's also stories in, um, and small paneling to, to dissipate
heat and so forth. But yes, uh, uh, I, uh, I'm hoping to have a conversation with a good friend
of mine and another content creator offline about kind of the physics of ARV very soon. Kai, I know
you'll really enjoy that and kind of, uh, have a little bit more, uh, a body of, of things to talk
about. Are we ever going to see the Grush op-ed hear anything behind the screens? I, somebody
was trying to push the book thing. I don't think there's any validity to that. I don't think there's
evidence for that. I think that Grush is working hard behind the scenes and I do not think he is
being lazy. If anything, his, uh, his, uh, op-ed is probably being held up still. The Locky Martin
JSOC thing, if true, could have, uh, incited a consolidation of, uh, direct, directorates,
et cetera, around the time of the JSOC event. Look at that timeframe could yield something
corroborative. Absolutely. As well as like a 94, the reorganization of SAPOC into the program
and so forth. This, I think the 1990 to 2010 is a very, very, very crucial two decade period to look
for. This is six. I got this from, uh, Saucerco, man. Tell him to sponsor me. I try all the time to DM
them. I'd love to rep their merch. I'd love to, to shout them out on the video, but Saucerco, I,
I wish, I wish. Santiago, yes, we talked about this earlier. I do not, I think the blocking of the
UAPDA is a shame and it definitely sucks. I do not think it hurts disclosure too much. I think
even with the UAPDA passing, there would still be, uh, quite a few roadblocks in terms of the
settlement of eminent domain, as well as an executive order under Obama that automatically omits, uh,
things dealing with non-human intelligence, including AI, to be automatically, uh, do,
not need to be declassified. So I think we're okay. Uh, I still have high hopes that
whistle, various whistleblowers will come forward. I very much hope so. I posted as, uh,
mugs on Discord. I will review it. Yes. There's plenty of information out there. I will review
it. Yes. After the live stream. What do you think of, uh, Herrera's claims that the ARV was possibly
trafficking children? P three assets, as he says, P three assets. And, um, I think that there is
quite a bit to this story of, of interest. Of course, you guys probably know me and Joey as the
guys who have covered Michael more than anybody. So yes, I, uh, Michael says that these are referred
to as pink assets or P three to use their, uh, their capabilities of their mind to interface
and pilot or draw in craft. Can you recommend any subreddits to your viewers on the UAP topic?
So some of the bigger ones, like, uh, uh, UFOs and aliens can get a bit unfocused. I like UFOB.
I like crash retrievals. It's a really small one. Um, but UFOB is a great one. And also in the
Discord, we talk a lot about, uh, good stuff. There's a lot of really smart people in the Discord.
People smarter than I. So I recommend joining that if you have not.
Uh, okay. Oh, you're talking about Reed's video from 96. I will check it out. Yes.
Have you heard anything about James Webb detected something headed towards earth and
making, uh, course corrections? Yes, I have. Uh, I'm, uh, I've heard all the rumors and stuff. I
probably won't focus on that now just because there's so much, uh, else to research. This reminded
me a little bit of Avi Loeb and Muah Muah back in, uh, I think 2021, 2022. Some people say the UAPDA
won't do anything even if it gets passed because it's modeled after the JFK one. Yes. Which took
27 years to release. Um, um, I had a 27 year time from nothing. At least it didn't do anything to
the JFK mystery. What do you think about this notion? Yes. Absolutely. There's also executive
orders under Obama and other stuff that could have still kept this information from being
classified. Everybody forgets a lot of new or a lot of UAP stuff is likely, uh, misclassified as
as a foreign nuclear material, which is born classified and still devoid of, of mandatory
declassification. Uh, there is no telling that these legacy programs could have been outed.
I think our bet, I agree. Our best option is catastrophic disclosure. Hopefully we can get
enough firsthand whistleblowers and testimony coming forward with evidence. Uh, I thought
this is what I would like to see. Okay. You're talking to Talon. You are talking about, uh,
96 and I will read all of this on Reddit rectified. What's up, dude? Any thoughts on the
bismuth, magnesium, metamaterial, leu, leopard reference in the people article, any recollection
of bismuth or purple, huge material recovered in crash retrieval purple, huge material and bismuth.
I'm not sure. I'd like to read a little bit more about Gary Nolan's work with metamaterials
and bismuth as well. Cause bismuth seems to be a material that comes up quite a bit,
but I can't reference specific cases off of my head. Okay. Hackology has put a few up there.
UFOs, NHI, exointelligence, UFO pilot reports, UFO, UK, UFO, EU, crash retrievals, crash retrievals
is great. It's a really small one, but the posts are kind of few and far between, but they do post
is fantastic. So I'd recommend checking that out. And our usos with that, my friends, we shall call
it a day today. I want to thank everybody again for a 10 K subs. And I hope everybody enjoyed
the research we did earlier in the video. I'll post the links. I really recommend everybody
check out the archived version of Chris Sharpe's article before it was before the specific mentions
of neuro and so forth were brought up. And so that's a lot more USO research and USO retrievals
to focus on. And again, guys, thank you so much for the 10 K huge plans. Eventually I want to do
a live every Sunday work on my long form videos and then possibly do an interview every now and
then I'd love to interview more people, but I'm not going to make interviews where I just sit down
on zoom or in person, the bulk of my content, because I think that detracts from my research.
And that's not what my style is about. But I think it could be a great supplement in the
meantime, it's between my long form research videos. So if everybody likes that, we'll do that.
And other than that, I'll see you guys next Sunday. I have a video coming out soon. I'm working on
it's a waste. It's a project that's a lot smaller in scope than some of my last crash retrieval
videos will probably be a bit shorter. But I, I'm going to tell you guys, this would have been one
of the most fun researches I've done since offworld technologies division. And I promise you this
will be a brand new thing for probably 99.99% of people. And this is going to be really fun to
talk about. So again, guys, thank you so much for joining. And I shall catch everybody on the next
show. Peace, everybody.
