Yo, yo, let me see if we are live.
I can never get this right, can I?
Live.
All right.
What's up, everybody?
What up, Colin from Dubai?
How you doing, man?
Oh, what up, John?
John, Mr. Pico Graham.
Hey, tell Jones to stop ducking Aspenall.
I'm sick and tired of it.
We're going to let some more people filter in.
I'm trying to kick a pretty foul mood at the moment.
If you guys don't know, I'm a big American football fan
and my team, the Cincinnati Bengals, just got smoked to a dreadful team.
So we're just going to be, and I spent four and a half hours this morning
watching Greer.
So it's just been a strange day.
Well, we'll get through it.
Got a cold brew.
What are you guys up to, anyone?
Do anything fun this weekend?
Got anything going on?
Let me adjust my lighting a little bit.
And the lecture was really interesting.
I have notes on every single aspect of the entire four hours.
So we're going to go through it kind of line by line.
I have screenshots from the entire thing,
and I kind of want to break down each of the PowerPoint slides
and tricks in my hand.
Any advice for new content creators?
I am still a new content creator,
and it's just kind of figuring it out as you go.
I don't know if there's any answer, man.
I still don't know what the heck I'm doing, to be honest.
Watching NFL?
Yeah.
Yeah, let's...
I hate the sport.
I hate football, but I'll be watching next week.
What up, Alexander?
How you doing, man?
Jones will never fight.
I know, and he's ducking him,
because John Jones knows he'd get smoked and knocked out in the first.
You went to a seven-hour general assembly of a political party.
You got in a word, hey, that's awesome, man,
for what subject, representing, or...
That's really cool.
Greetings from Germany.
Hey, what's up, man?
I've only been to Frankfurt in Germany, and I loved it.
Four and a half hours with Greer is enough to sour anyone's day.
Well, when we get into it, it'll probably be really interesting to you.
The presentation was split up into halves.
So the first half of the webinar was talking all about,
you know, the program, black programs, black sites that Greer wanted to discuss.
And the entire second half was about kind of new age stuff, consciousness, and so forth.
But we got all the slides.
We'll go through everything.
Soon 10K, I hope.
So, Gluten, you got the flu, dude?
What happened?
I feel like you're...
This is my friend, Gluten.
I feel like you're ill just about every week.
So I don't...
I hope you're all right.
Doing great.
Love your deep dives.
Thank you.
I appreciate that.
We got one coming out soon this week, very soon.
Hello from Canada.
What's up, dude?
What part of Canada?
Two lives.
I did.
I promised everybody we'd be doing one live a week.
And I intend to keep that promise.
Just a general memory till...
That's awesome.
And you're from Iceland, correct?
I love it.
Wilder side.
What's up, dude?
Hello from Dubai.
Event Horizon.
What's up?
If you guys don't know Event Horizon, this is John Michael Goode.
And his wonderful producer, Ross, I highly...
I mean, I'm sure you guys know about John's channel and the Event Horizon podcast.
Both of these men are excellent individuals.
And I can't wait to be talking about him more in the future.
If you guys don't know Event Horizon, go watch any episode.
Any of John Michael Goode's videos on the Fermi Paradox are instant classics.
And I highly recommend them.
John is a huge inspiration for my channel in terms of just how he treats every video
almost like a research paper.
It doesn't have any BS, kind of just the facts approach.
Not really slick editing to kind of trick people with clickbait or anything like that,
but just stick straight to discussing the topic.
I love John Michael Goode.
All right.
Living in Malta near the border, British Columbia.
That's awesome.
I love it in the private party.
That's awesome, man.
Congrats.
Originally from Arkansas, living in Malta.
Oh, thank you so much, Rod.
I know you.
I really appreciate it.
Skip the matinee.
What were you seeing?
Alien, Beetlejuice.
I don't know what else is out at the moment.
Event Horizon does rock.
John Michael Goode rocks.
Absolutely is awesome.
6 a.m. or where are you?
Are you in Asia or Hawaii?
I was trying to do this one a little bit earlier so we could get some of the EU fellers
and especially because this program had to do with London.
Thank you, Ross and John.
I will talk to you guys soon.
I appreciate that, man.
Really appreciate it.
Have I ever seen Janet's YouTube channel?
Very interesting, clear footage of UAPs.
I've heard of the channel, but I haven't sat through and watched a ton of the videos.
I will have to though.
There's just so much to analyze lately without even touching footage.
Recently, I talked to John and Ross from Event Horizon.
That's something that all of us are on the same page on.
A lot of the times, footage is useful or useless for furthering the conversation.
Thanks, Ross.
I appreciate that, man.
Thank you very much.
Much love.
Thank you for the support.
It's awesome.
Greetings from the UK.
Yes.
Okay.
Perfect.
I wanted some of my friends from across the pond in here.
That's wonderful.
Can you do a video where you analyze Green Street and other skeptics claims?
Absolutely.
I'd love to.
Green Street is a strange one.
There's something that makes me irrationally angry whenever I see a tweet of his because
I know it has an 8 out of 10 probability of containing the words alien space monster
or spooky aliens or something like that.
That sounds great.
Green Street, maybe a little bit more Sean Kirkpatrick work, I think would be excellent.
Absolutely.
Way to kick off the week.
Thank you, Django.
My mom's dog's name is Django.
Nice to see you, new subscriber.
Thank you very much, man.
I really appreciate that.
First video, when you get it, feel free to drop the link.
I'd love to watch it.
How about we get started with the, yes, Green Street does have DOD ties.
He does.
Oh, Norway Oslo here, man.
I was just in Oslo last September.
My girlfriend is Norwegian.
I loved it.
I can get the link.
Yes, please, brother.
Let's start with Steven Greer's event.
This wasn't nearly as publicized as something like the 2023 National Press Club event.
I'm not exactly sure why.
I know Greer put a lot of effort into kind of getting a lot of attention towards that.
This was done in London.
A bit strange as there were different tiers to kind of witness the event.
The webinar itself was $50.
It was really weird, but there was also a $75 in-person ticket to go see.
She know if you're watching that, let me hear how it was.
And then you could pay $1,500 for a meet and greet with Steven Greer.
Like a dinner because the way the event went from three to seven o'clock London time was
Steven Greer's lecture and webinar, he says, and workshop.
There was no workshop.
There was no worksheets, but this was split into two distinct tabs as I'll kind of get to.
After that, there was a dinner with Steven Greer and then a premiere of the lost century,
Steven Greer's newest documentary.
I think that is free to stream on Peacock maybe or it's free to stream on some service.
I recommend watching it.
I know it features a lot of artwork by Michael Schrat and I really respect Michael Schrat
and love his work.
And I still do think any of Greer's work is worth watching and then kind of analyzing
and dissecting from there.
Let's get through these.
Do you think Steven Greer tries to bring forth any actual whistleblowers?
In this event, no.
He only talks about mostly whistleblowers.
We know.
In fact, Steven Greer had himself a viewing of a UFO witness list and decided to reiterate
some of that.
But I think right now he's on the warpath of trying to kind of to identify these black
operation sites, two of which he mentioned in the video.
And we'll go through those.
I'll pull up the exact actually three of them he mentioned in the video.
I got exact coordinates to all of them.
So we'll kind of go through there and keep going.
Gluten, some swag would be legit.
I would like that.
I'd like to do some black stuff with some just stitched logos on there.
It's free on rumble.
It's free on rumble.
So I recommend watching that.
I recommend watching unacknowledged.
Just anything by Greer is worth a watch.
The production value on his documentaries are generally very high.
And it's still good to, yeah, cult leader.
A lot of this conference was about CE five.
I remember.
So for my discord, I had live notes in there just kind of telling everybody what was going
on with screenshots and stuff like that.
And Greer would go on like 25 minute diatribes talking about like his near death experience
at 17 or a lucid dream of the future.
And that's fine and dandy, but to spend, you know, a significant amount of time in a workshop
where people are paying money to go see.
I'm a little bit, uh, I'm a little bit, uh, not huge on that.
So let's start.
I'm going to share my screen and we'll just kind of go through things a bit slowly as people
start to trickle in because there is some really interesting stuff Greer talked about
and some interesting connections as well.
So I need to remember how the heck to share my screen.
Cinema layout presents.
Share screen.
Tire screen.
Okay, cool.
Yeah.
So let's see what everybody's saying.
Um, Greer.
Yes.
Exactly.
Greer should not be ignored, although he is controversial for anyone saying, please try
CE five.
Uh, you want to understand it?
I would like to understand it.
I still have not tried CE five.
Greer says he has, uh, tutorials on how to do such a thing.
But, uh, you know, it's why not explore it and then kind of, uh, come up with a conclusion
there.
But so some of the things Greer talked about in this was, uh, uh, talking about new top
secret witness testimony.
He didn't really reference any new top secret testimony.
We'll go through everybody he did talk about.
You'll know some familiar players from my channel.
He references Michael Herrera.
He references TB, which I thought was in somewhat of strange taste.
He went, uh, mentions MS.
Uh, witness, TE or ET.
I can't remember in which direction in the disclosure project archives.
It's 10, eight, nine, two.
The guy who discussed a fake abductions and programmable life forms will kind of touch
into, uh, besides that, um, Greer posts two images of blacks.
I T visited from last year.
Neither of these images he posted are from his actual visit.
One of them is from Google Earth.
Another one is a ripoff of one of my images, which was kind of funny to see, uh,
meetings between Dr. Greer and key members of Congress.
We have a couple of notes on that.
So let's, um, let's start going through things.
So I have, uh, power.
I have screenshots of every single slide that Greer had.
I'm just going to get all these.
We'll go one by one.
Sorry.
What the heck?
My bad guys.
Okay.
Yeah.
So for, uh, Greer's first, he gave a little kind of preamble when he was talking about
serious disclosure and so forth.
Greer states that his first CE five attempt occurred in 1992 in England at the height
of crop circles.
Greer claimed that his initial CE five event led to a crop circle that inspired his CE
five logo, which is this.
So Greer stated that, um, he summoned a UAP craft, eat this crop circle with this design
appeared.
And then he saw a large saucer like design in a field.
That was new to me.
I know Greer kind of states that since he was like 18, he even said this in the, uh,
presentation that he had kind of figured out how the universe works, which I find a
little bit egotistical.
I'm not going to lie.
Even if a CE five has some real practices to it, I don't think it's very humble to
state you understand how the universe works as a 17 year old man.
But this is how kind of serious disclosure and so forth came to be.
So his initial slide, some of the points he wanted to talk about were, um, he approached
this sort of webinar as kind of like a kindergarten level briefing for individuals.
He kept saying in the first couple of slides that, you know, whoever watches this, it's
going to absolutely blow your mind.
Like you're going to be crying when you leave this year.
You're not going to really be able to understand what you just saw.
And to be honest, there wasn't too much like new information here.
There's a lot of interesting stuff to discuss, but there wasn't a lot of really new, um,
information.
So something that Greer does state on these first couple of slides is when, when he was
young, a gatekeeper to the program who tried to kind of not really buy Greer off, but to,
um, but intimidated Greer.
So Greer said that Major Albert Stubblebine was this individual.
Stubblebine has mentioned multiple times in the witness list.
So sorry, spell check.
So Greer has a witness, 10, 5, 9, 9, who worked with Major Stubblebine for four years, has
documents, recording interviews and others to back up his claims.
I've found no, none of those documents in the DP archive.
Uh, he also taught Greer has a witness, 10192 of an ex remote viewer under Stubblebine,
um, and so forth.
But here is a really interesting witness guys.
Uh, check this out.
610658.
I noticed this a lot.
I noticed this a lot earlier when I was kind of reading through the DPR.
I cried the first time.
So Greer has a witness 10658.
He says that this witness has been involved in the sixties, former head of Fort Huachuca.
I hope I'm saying that right.
And if I'm not, I'm sorry.
Fort Huachuca, army intelligence where ET craft and body are stored.
He says this because later when Greer posts his facility list, he talks about Fort Huachuca
being a really kind of key facility.
Well guys, now here's what's interesting.
Okay.
So major Albert Stubblebine Greer says this person intimidated him.
Let's go to look at the, um, let's look at the army intelligence center in school at
Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
So this is the Fort Huachuca who was in charge of, sorry, let me back up for a second.
When Greer talks about Fort Huachuca, which we'll address later in the video, he says
that the person he spoke to ran a Fort Huachuca and discussed ET craft and ET bodies in the
1970s.
Okay.
So check this out.
Brigadier General Eugene Kelly Jr. took command of the U.S. Army Intelligence Center in school
at Fort Huachuca, Arizona.
This was in the year 1975.
But this is rather interesting.
In 1977 at Fort Huachuca, he relinquished his command to General Albert Stubblebine.
So Stubblebine could very well be this witness right here, 10658, somebody who has been involved
with the 60s, former head of Fort Huachuca Army Intelligence where ET craft and bodies
are stored.
When later in the video we'll talk about Greer referencing a source at Fort Huachuca who
worked there in the 70s to talk about ET craft and bodies.
But this is also somewhat at odds with Greer's original statement that Stubble, Stubblebine
specifically tried to intimidate him.
But I would have a high bet here that this is probably General Albert Stubblebine.
So Greer states he was approached by insiders when he was a 30, when he was in his 30s.
He labeled these guys as white hats or good guys or blue team as we'll discuss earlier.
If you remember from the majestic video, kind of blue team, red team, these are often labeled
to be UFO craft retrieval operators.
So don't get that confused as we talk about blue team guys.
These are going to be guys that Greer states are black program insiders who are kind of
good guys who want the truth to come out.
People Greer states were sent to him because top brass in the Pentagon weren't read into
the UFO situation.
Greer makes a direct mention to briefing Admiral Thomas Wilson, which of course is now really
interesting with Eric Davis confirming the Wilson Davis notes.
But he also talks about him briefing the CIA director in the early 90s.
And I know this is a contentious point about Greer briefing the CIA director.
I believe he states he sat down and briefed the director.
And I believe the counter argument to that is Greer just blasted out an email to the CIA
director who just kind of read it and threw it in the bin.
So I'm not sure if that conversation has advanced very much.
Stubblebind died in 2017.
Yeah.
He's no longer with us.
So we can't be contacted here.
And Greer says a lot of this kind of contact about good guys, white hats, blue team in the
air who contacted him wanting to kind of restore oversight to black programs was under the Clinton
administration.
So this for me is a new line of research to head down kind of what went on under the Clinton
administration.
So let's go on to slide two.
Sorry.
Sorry.
Wrong window.
Let's go on to slide two.
Here Greer talks about how if you guys remember the 2001 disclosure briefing document, I highly recommend it.
Let me pull it up.
If you guys have never read this document, it is brilliant.
It's it's Greer's best piece of work.
And I will always stand by that.
This is fantastic.
But Greer states he was asked to make his disclosure briefing document in order to brief Senate intelligence and the
armed services staff.
So this would have been in the early, mid to late nineties.
Greer states he was contacted by the most senior person, a staff for Senate of the gang of eight.
And this member of the gang of eight and his senior staff are kind of knocked on the doors internally in the
Department of Defense and the Pentagon, but were denied.
So Greer also states he was brought in a skiff, but didn't need clearance.
Because his DPR DPI archive had more actionable intelligence and information than the intelligence community on UAP.
So that was pretty, that was pretty interesting to me.
Greer was then approached kind of earlier in the 2020s into a skiff.
He said he brought the Trump presidential briefing document to a skiff.
We know that Lou Elizondo and Ross Colt Hart have stated that Trump has brought in a skiff.
Trump has been somewhat, if not fully briefed into the UAP situation.
I still haven't really researched that.
So I don't really have an opinion.
Greer likes to add in these little details to kind of add drama.
It's great showsmanship actually.
It kind of really engages the audience.
He says in this specific meeting there was a bourbon bottle in the middle of the table.
Within 10 minutes, the intelligence guys were desperately reaching for the bottle.
It's just a little bit of unnecessary fluff.
Greer states he has been in skiffs multiple times, each with top secret, secret, compartmentalized intelligence.
Clearance folks who were all astonished at how long Stephen Greer has been doing this, pushing for disclosure.
So Greer now kind of talks about this law enforcement update.
And this is where things get really interesting guys.
So if you're kind of halfway paying attention, I would lock in here because this is a little bit of new stuff from Greer.
Greer states he is in contact with top tactical operations people.
These are Green Berets, SEALs, JSOC people who are all coming together behind closed doors to support Greer.
All these commanders, these current tactical operations officers are seeking briefings from Greer.
They have been asked by somebody, not sure because Greer doesn't devolved to bring black projects back under congressional oversight.
So in summary, Greer's stating that a lot of JSOC leaders are being asked to bring the program back under control and moving with Greer.
This is very interesting.
Greer says, and I quote, that there are plans or possible plans to quote unquote, roll on dugway proving grounds, Area 51, Edwards Air Force Base and other black sites.
Roll on.
He says, take them back.
If taking these sites back involves any sort of force or a legal entry or brute force entry, does this not egregiously violate OPSEC?
Because I think what Greer is referring to is by force taking back these sites that he says are under black project control because Greer also goes on to state that black program leaders dwarf Hitler and the Nazis,
which, you know, that's always never a in great taste.
Yes, he has mentioned this before on kind of podcast before about forcibly enter entering these sites.
But I don't think he's fully pieced everything together with kind of who he's talking to in order to do that.
But I could absolutely be wrong.
For the SAP whistleblower protection Greer has been talking about.
Since June, 2024, Greer has been tasked and with others for providing OPSEC for whistleblowers, 762 of these according to Greer.
These cover individual for all firsthand individuals according to Greer, people who are there when craft were shot down, reverse engineered, etc.
The program is operational for US whistleblowers only with his show in.
It could be wrong.
I very well could be wrong.
We're talking about Greer's project today, his speech in London, his event there.
There was a webinar.
There was an in it kind of in person show I bought the pay per view.
So we're talking about that.
Florian, thank you very much.
I really appreciate that.
Thank you very much.
He might have talked about it on Sean Ryan.
He might have.
I got to listen to that again.
But yeah, Greer does suck at OPSEC something will continue to talk about today.
So yeah, so this this program Greer States is for US whistleblowers only.
He's trying to get something set up in the UK.
He basically asks for funding and backing there.
And this is a special access program to protect firsthand whistleblowers from presumably threats on their life.
Greer talks about deep cover defectors.
And he addresses this in parallel to catastrophic disclosure.
He states there's a group currently with performing operations within black projects who are trapped within the system.
Greer States is trying to work with these people to kind of, you know, bring these black operations back under congressional oversight or possibly roll on them if that needs be.
Greer also goes on to talk about how after his viewing of a dumb entrance, which we'll talk about soon, he was almost killed.
This is a gross exaggeration.
He fell.
He fell off his bike.
So yeah.
So sorry, let me let me get through a couple of comments here.
Let's see Greer sucks at OPSEC got my PC admitting he I'd like to see that if you would like to post that.
As well.
Lazar was used for soft disclosure.
Get the attention of Harry Reid.
He was 23 and an eccentric.
Interesting.
Yes, I have that's that's also great.
I think that's kind of making the news rounds of late.
Very interesting.
So Greer likes to state that 90% of what is known in ufology is disinformation.
He states he has the 10% that is considered real information included in the 90%.
This is a slide from the presentation is that we don't have man made UFOs.
This is a point kind of I have really sort of changed my position on in the past few months.
The alien threat interdimensional phenomena, which is weird because Greer will later on in the second half of this presentation talk about internet interdimensional phenomena.
ETs are demons, abductions, weapons in space.
When the truth and we'll kind of get into this in the second half as well is really kind of new age woo stuff.
If you if you guys know what that is about kind of raising consciousness, vibrations, stuff like that.
See, peaceful CE5 contact enlightenment, universal peace.
And I'm not saying there's nothing to that.
I just think it's a I always think it's interesting when people claim to have all the answers when Greer says that 90% of what's known in ufology.
Is disinformation, but his 10% is the true information.
Greer talks about DPI archive.
He says that it will take years for people to sift through all the information.
That's just demonstrably untrue.
We can sit through the info here.
Of course, we have 13 sections here.
Greer says he has a 14th session here that he can't wait to talk about and post on the site.
So I'm really excited to see that.
Or thank you so much.
I really appreciate that.
Starbucks is extremely, extremely expensive.
Consciousness is the key to all of this.
I absolutely agree.
There's there's much of kind of human cognition, human consciousness in terms of the UAP phenomena.
I just find it a little bit strange when Greer says that his 10 he is the one who holds 10% of the true information.
So Greer, and now is when we'll kind of go into a little bit of the discussion of some of the whistleblowers and witnesses he talks to.
Something I took special note of, which I found kind of funny is Greer talks about the pages and pages, the 23 pages of redacted witnesses.
But Greer says he likes to honor the whistleblowers request for confidentiality.
Anybody who's seen any of my videos will know that's just his operational security is absolutely dreadful.
So next we'll start talking about illegal operations, locations, corporations based on intel from his witnesses.
You guys know the Greer facility list.
If you don't let me pull that up facilities maps and list.
So Greer has all of these facilities, including maps pointing towards them.
Sorry, that looks nice and reversed colors.
All of these are garnered from the pages of witness testimony here.
For example, you know, we can look at Dugway Proving Grounds as given by MS.
We can go over here to a little place in Indiana where we might know a spot and so on.
But and so Greer talks about now the first dumb entrance to which he was taken to.
This is he states is the anthill in the eastern desert of California or western desert of Nevada.
Let me pull up with this place is called because I actually found it and I need to.
Sorry guys just give me a second here.
I need to find out exactly what this place is called again.
So I can get you guys exact exact locations.
Greer states this location that we're talking about is basically an entrance to a dumb or a deep underground military base.
If you can go online, you can find this exact place.
Sorry guys.
It's what's known as a volcanic cinder cone like volcano offshoots.
Greer stating this is a dumb entrance and let me pull up the exact place.
Sorry.
I forgot what this place is is called.
Is it called the Salt Lake?
Yes.
Okay.
Got it.
If you want to find this place on Google Maps, this is called the Salt Lake Cinder Cone.
Okay.
This is the exact entrance that Greer is stating is a dumb entrance right here the Salt Lake Cinder Cone.
I can get a nice zoom in.
This, as I said, is a cinder cone.
We can look by because these generally occur near volcanic activity.
And I think there's a volcano located about 25 miles or so northeast of this location.
I'm not sure if these are other cinder cones.
I'm not a rock specialist, but this location right here.
I don't understand where the entrance here is.
If anything, this possibly could be dirt moved for underground locations, but I don't know where an entrance could be in this location.
Let me say a couple, thank you guys real fast.
And we got the next location to talk about a little something to somewhere.
Thank you very much.
Tell us and thank you for the boost too.
I really appreciate that.
Maglevs connecting all the DUNS.
Yes, we will talk about that too because Greer touches on it.
Sorry.
My questions are, are you familiar with Northrop Ant Hill?
Yeah.
Greer calls this Northrop Ant Hill, I think.
I'm actually, because he calls this the Ant Hill as a DUM.
So he calls this, yeah, as we can see the Ant Hill.
Sorry.
Okay.
Crackerjack, thank you very much.
Greer stones.
I turn over.
Greer does awesome work and he, I still recommend checking out all of his documentaries and kind
of paying attention to what he says because it's very interesting.
So you guys will probably know this site.
Next, Greer talks about the Hellendale site, the Lockheed Martin Hellendale site.
Now what's really interesting here guys is let's get back to the DPI archive.
So if we go to UFO kind of secret related facilities, top priority documents and so forth with some photos of stuff.
A Hellendale location, there used to be multiple images on here.
So I'm not quite sure why Hellendale was taken off of the DPI archive.
And I can also state for a fact that within the presentation today, Greer didn't mention Hellendale.
So I don't know, I really don't understand what the play here was.
I don't know who this is attempting to kind of confuse or fool, especially because people in my discord, as I post this live, there was a user.
It's really smart guy.
His name is rectified.
He knew he said immediately, hey, this is Hellendale.
And I'm sure multiple people recognize it as well.
So within the presentation, Greer stated that he didn't say the name Hellendale and the images of Hellendale have been stripped off the DPI archive.
But he Greer states that this director of black operations took him to this Hellendale site.
He says that this Hellendale plant is a staging ground for electro gravitic ARV or alien reproduction vehicle.
I'll be saying ARV the rest of the time.
The diamonds here on the runway Greer states are for using kind of scalar technologies.
So scalar technologies to kind of test human made ARVs and their resilience to kind of EMP weaponry or to bring down ET craft.
Greer states that I think one to two craft are brought down by this site in particular, maybe all sites a year.
He also brings up an image of this site at the Hellendale plant says this is EMP weaponry.
And that the EMPs are used in conjunction with scalar technology to knock out craft a year that this site has been operational for black program duties for upwards of 40 years.
The person the black operations director who flew him over this Greer states in this presentation that this same individual has personally been present at ET craft shoot down and personally recovered craft and bodies.
So real fast Florian, thank you so much.
I really appreciate the euros from Germany.
Have you seen above majestic I have.
What is your take about alien human bases on the mood and Antarctica and space travel for decades now.
There's a lot of really interesting kind of witnesses in the DPI archive specifically about UFO and NHI signatures on the moon and I would like to explore those further.
I don't think they're out of the realm of possibility.
I just think that that specific topic needs a lot of a lot more hard nose research, a lot more hard nose research.
So next, as you guys know from the facilities list.
Greer has a list of numerous, numerous, numerous, numerous facilities.
Most if not all of these guys have been referenced in the DPI archive.
Sorry, I'm the 2001 disclosure briefing document.
See here, China Lake.
I'm in that place.
So I don't think much has changed on this facility list.
Greer also talked about this in a 2016 speech.
I have referenced quite a bit, including my work on Doug way.
I mean, this is I haven't fully taken a look yet, but this is just copied verbatim since 2001 or I think 1996 is when this specific place was or this specific list was compiled for the DPI archive.
So we'll keep going.
Sorry, I'm just kind of trying to organize my notes.
A lot of the times my notes are sloppy are pretty sloppy.
Continuing on with the sites.
Oh, yeah, yeah, Greer made specific reference here.
Very specific reference here is about the Los Alamos National Labs.
I know you guys have probably all heard of Los Alamos National Labs, but he talks about a maglev system under Los Alamos connecting it to other dumb locations.
He states, I don't know how he got this intel, but he states that Los Alamos has direct access to Kirtland AFB and Dulce.
I can never, you guys know, I don't know how to speak, but Greer likes to kind of claim here that any above ground duties about the Dulce base are completely false.
And this is just one large below ground dumb.
There's a lot of interesting work on this.
I can't remember exactly what the pieces right now that I've talked before UFO highway.
It might be called, which is a good PDF that talks about the Dulce location.
Greer says that this Dulce place is where it contains biotech labs where fake ETS, aka PLF programmable life forms are made.
Interesting to me as well Greer state specifically that some of these dumps were built in the 1980s.
At least in my research, I feel like I've seen plenty of discussion that dumps have come come around a little bit before that.
But I do want to bring something up about, sorry, I do want to bring something up about in the DPR archive.
I seem to have ex exed out of that tab, but Greer has some patents for a huge boring underground boring machine that he states was used for kind of building these maglev systems.
Creating the deep underground military bases.
Yes, it is.
This is Jack Ramanson's gym.
I love repping this gym.
Awesome gym.
Okay, look, keep going here.
And now at this time because Greer has multiple pages he talks about in terms of underground bases that we already have listed on that primary site.
Sorry, trying to pull this up.
He again talks about Fort Hachuca.
And again, I will reference that I believe that the witness 10658 in the DPR archive is really major Albert Stubblebine, which conflicts of Stephen Greer's earlier claims that Stubblebine tried to intimidate and create fear within Stephen Greer.
Interesting reference here about Pine Gap underground facility in Australia.
He says this is a transnational majestic location.
Doesn't say majestic 12 just as majestic.
Now, I do know of an intelligence guy.
He's a friend of mine who says he has been to Pine Gap and didn't see anything there doesn't think anything could be there.
But then again, I don't think he was given access to the entire facility.
Mention of Doug way proving grounds outside here will go.
Okay, so when I interviewed MS, I think I gave very vague directions to the entrance that he claimed was for the Doug way dumb.
I just said it was near German village in Utah.
Greer gives.
In fact, he gets my pin for this place.
So I can give you guys that exact location to and because Greer has kind of violated this upset here.
Greer talks about UFO related facilities and companies here.
I don't think anything really new is going to stand out here.
He adds kind of in the he has talked about this in his 2016 briefing.
I think this is what he added that SAIC is a crown jewel here because in the same presentation he mentions.
Sorry, he also mentions I talked about her in my NSWC video with RA about the testimony of Denise McKenzie, a former SAIC employee who would talk about
being large contracts with nothing actually on the books.
So next we move on to a witness.
I actually hadn't seen and this can be pretty interesting.
So Greer talks about project mannequin in 1997, a top secret underground based genetic engineering PLFs, please in P'smore UK under witness BK.
And you guys know that I will give you the exact witness name.
Well, this isn't one, but this is somebody connected to this witness BK witness 10 0 6 8 in the DPI archive.
Again, that's 10 0 6 8 in the DPI archive.
And here's the witness 10 412.
This is the witness that Greer is stating has information on PLFs and an underground dumb in the UK.
So project mannequin at RAF P'smore has seen and touched gray beans bred in NSA underground base evidence of military committing abductions globally.
So in the DPI archive.
10 412.
We won't go through all these documents right now.
But under 10 412 this individual BK.
There's quite a bit of interesting documents to research, including some alleged actual documents smuggled out of this project mannequin, which is presumably to make PLFs.
According to this individual, there are also sketches from this individual BK about the creation of PLFs, the manufacturing of like a classic gray and so forth.
And that this project mannequin is also in charge of making what we would think of as the classic reptilian design along with the grays.
I think project came a lot interviewed the piece more winners. I haven't seen that I'll absolutely have to check that out.
So, and now this will be one that kind of me close some of these tabs guys. Sorry.
Let me close some of these tabs. Greer then gets into the infamous TV.
So, out of respect.
I am not going to talk about who TV might be or his name.
I understand that's definitely out there.
And people know about this individual or might know, but so I'm not going to bring that up, but there's plenty about there.
So, initially, this Lawton, Oklahoma case with TV, this is in reference to some statements by TV to Stephen Greer in which some technology was leveraged from this crash that was used at Fort Sill, Oklahoma base in 2003,
where General John M. Riggs showed off classified cloaking technology to a BAE systems employee, where he was then unceremoniously retired.
Now, the kernels of truth in this statement are that General John M. Riggs was in fact demoted a star upon his retirement and sent basically to the basement of the Pentagon and handed in his clothes and said,
you're gone. So, he was very unceremoniously retired and according to I think it's a Baltimore Sun article. This was for improper use of contractors.
So, I think I have these in my video with TV, but Greer just kind of posts some images of kind of the crash retrieval that occurred in Lawton according to TV.
He also posts this ARV looks very, I don't think this is actually in reference to an ARV according to Greer, but posts a craft in an underground facility.
What we would probably know as Mark McCandless is Fluxliner ARV. Fluxliner, if you know that name, Greer also at the end of the project says that the Fluxliner name was actually used for Lockheed's first generation of ARV craft.
I didn't know this because this wasn't provided in the notes with TV, but apparently this location right here is an underground base actually in Oklahoma near Fort Sill.
So, that might be a location to look at Fort Sill, the Lawton area for any sort of bases down there. Greer also states that some craft shot down break into pieces while others have sort of a controlled landing due to being stunned.
This has more relevance to the infographics whistleblower when he's talking about eggs and bells, bells being the most commonly crashed craft and that the vast majority of the time they almost disintegrate break into pieces or basically melt away like nothing is there.
So, that's an interesting connection there. Greer dropped some specific terminology when he was talking about this location when we get a sip of cold brew.
He states that retrieved NHI living bodies are not referred to as extraterrestrials. They are kind of referred to as evens, extraterrestrial biological entities as you know but with an N on the end.
But these individuals that are taken alive are called captives or refugees and those are the exact words but used by Greer.
Next on to Mr. MS, we know him very well. So, at this point covering a TB and MS back to back we got a little UFOs witness list action going on which you know I always like to see.
Greer talks a little bit more and gives a little bit more insight apparently because apparently he has some more connections and things to study about the craft that MS saw.
If you guys remember from that video MS stated to have seen like a basically inverted cone triangle section at the bottom of the craft.
New drawing here from Greer's archives. I wonder if this is a shrap drawing if it is that's great Michael Schratz the best.
But Greer states to have some insight on this on the pyramid we talked about which we kind of I don't really remember if I hypothesized about it.
But Greer stated that he kind of knew factually that this inverted pyramid is an EMP crystalline structure that causes objects to basically travel instantaneously.
It likens the abilities of this piece to like a astral projection functionality.
This is a good question why are all these people talking to Greer instead of Congress could they be doing the latter in secret they absolutely could remember we talked about TB and his witnesses in his messages to Greer here was summoned to testify before members of the gang of eight including Marco Rubio in 2022.
Yeah whistleblower protection is terrible remember guys the witness or whistleblower protection doesn't cover pensions so that was something that Greer had stated kind of in media about specifically TB that he was afraid for both his life and his pension.
So even with these whistleblower acts your pension is not covered and love these guys with families and stuff this is presumably what they're worried about.
Okay MS Dugway render we know this from the video.
We know this from the video group post some images.
These look these look a little familiar to me.
But so let's go to the exact entrance.
German village in am I going to Utah I don't know if I'm going to Utah.
Well before I get to that.
Group post an untitled place mark changing the colors of a plate of a mark that could only be me but so the Greer posted this on the DPI archive okay I'm just going to show that once again in his recent updates.
It was in.
Wow, I guess he just took that off really recently.
Okay.
Last time I checked this in the critical updates Greer had posted image for the anthill and the Dugway site in Greer's presentation he posts this image for the Dugway location.
And let me try and find it.
Dugway German village.
I got to remember my exact location now here guys.
Let me think.
Let me I got to think about the exact coordinates here.
Oh man this might be tough a little bit south of Dugway German village.
We might be we're on the money.
This is the location he provided.
This is allegedly the entrance to the dumb right here according to what Greer posted in his September 8 2024 London press conference right.
Just a bit northwest of Dugway German village.
So I was a little interested to see him post that, but especially if he is talking about taking back such sites.
I found that a little interesting.
But now we can talk a little bit about a witness we talked about a little bit last week in the Greer archive about programmable life forms and so forth.
This is witness TE.
If you want to follow along in the DPI archive you can search witness 10892.
Again that's 10892 and find relevant documents.
German village. Where is German village.
Just search Dugway German village.
Right here.
Dugway German village. Just a little bit northwest of this location.
So, yeah, it talks about TE. This is a witness we talked a little bit about last week.
And the story of TE is this individual approach Greer claimed to be on a specialized ARV retrieval team.
Some artwork included here. I think this might be Rudy Garcia and some of Greer's team this artwork is really cool.
This kind of triangle site is man made craft as you can see by the no step.
This must be work by Michael Schrat, but it's a kind of a CAD drawing of this same device, the same craft.
And eventually at some point this witness TE 10892 graduated from kind of ARV retrieval and was promoted to ET retrieval.
So this event occurred and I can't remember what year this was. I know it's listed in the archive.
This might have been 2004.
Early 2000s where a sunflower type craft what crashed near or not crashed I'm sorry landed near Nellis.
As you can see Greer also make specific mention to this ARV that was privy to this retrieval operation.
If you can see here there's some soldiers lying in wait.
This witness TE stated that as individuals approach this craft basically autonomy was taken away from all the soldiers and they were sent into basically like a stunned state.
Out of this what you would see as a fruit roll up craft came some ETS that looked like this.
And this is must be a Rudy Garcia drawing excellent drawing.
And so forth this witness TE was really disturbed by this exact operation because he found these ETS and they're kind of emerald blue eyes is so peaceful and kind of pure that he thought what the retrieval teams and shooting down craft were doing was sick.
So he tried to basically defect and leave the retrieval force.
Greer states that this individuals uncle who grandfathered him into the program was the only one who stopped this individual from being killed.
Upon his release TE was targeted with a fake abduction where he was approached by these creatures and basically took brute force to them and found circuitry and so forth within.
So next we'll go to the next witness talked about some of you guys might know this person some of you might not I have actually been trying to get in contact with Shannon Lee for a while.
Shannon Lee is a witness who claimed to I can't 2008 2009 off the coast of I think it was Guam while in the Navy or the Coast Guard participated in a saucer retrieval from the ocean where a craft was almost tangled in the Japanese fisherman's net.
And this was in conjunction with the US Marines.
So again I've been trying to contact this guy for months.
Here's the image of the retrieval operation.
He actually did an interview with Steven Greer.
I can't remember if it's on the DPI archive or not.
I'll actually try to find it and post it but the actual video was taken off of Greer's was taken off of Greer's YouTube page.
And I think this was maybe because I think Mr Lee suffered maybe from some social anxiety or something because the interview was just a little bit awkward.
It was just a little disconjointed and stuff but I've always found this interview extremely interesting because according to Lee this craft was so heavy it almost toppled the Navy craft as it was lifted up in its net.
Greer stated and Shannon Lee states that this artwork right here is a little bit off the craft was had no seams kind of no pathways just a really solid seamless craft and he tried to take a sharp object to it and to no effect.
To no effect.
So upon returning Shannon Lee was forced to sign numerous NDAs and so forth.
And you guys might know this individual from the disclosure from the National Press Club conference.
He was very sickly.
He looked it looked really.
I don't know if it was from his encounter or from just health.
I think he mentioned he had a brain injury but Steven Digna.
In his testimony before kind of an abduction case he talks about being on a bombing range where he was with two Raytheon employees where they saw a large boomerang shaped craft.
And I believe one if not both of these craft yes Greer talked about this was a projection.
And here is a little bit where Greer dove into kind of the project blue beam kind of fear mongering stuff he talks about these projection techniques you know if you see a craft over London they can produce numerous craft and kind of fake an invasion and so forth.
But this was apparently a Raytheon craft that had entered into the bombing range for clandestine purposes I don't know for whatever purposes it seems strange to do that over an active bombing range and yes.
Steven Digna was suffering a brain injury I wish him peace he looked like he was suffering quite a bit from there.
So Greer stated here as well that anti gravity technology in which this Raytheon craft was based off of was mastered in October of 1954.
Sorry.
Next of course.
Greer talks briefly about Michael.
We all know Michael from this channel.
He shows the video made by Star Labs of the octagonal craft.
We've all seen these so I'm not going to waste space or so forth but Greer had one new detail about Michael story that I wasn't aware of.
And I'll certainly bring it up to Michael Greer thinks this craft was Lockheed skunk works or EG and G.
Why I don't know exactly why he thinks that.
But that is what Greer states here he doesn't expand on that anymore he just kind of moves on.
Greer states the initial misconceptions of him and thinking this was kind of drug smuggling operations of course I've talked about Michael initially thought when he saw this was drugs.
Greer kind of assumed also Greer has talked to witnesses who state that ARVs are used for smuggling drugs.
One of these witnesses I think his files were removed from the DPI archive I think it was witnessed.
Sorry let me I'll look this up.
Let me see if I got it right.
Yes, 10329 right here in the DPI archive.
I think his files were taken down, but witness 10329 right here.
Worked in deep black projects as knowledge of advanced crafting connections to drug running knows of two sites near Nashville Tennessee where craft have been seen landing.
Same locations were used by the CIA slash 160 if that's an Air Force division locations are private airship and another in a valley between mountains.
So I've talked a little bit to this person I will talk to them again and you know if there's some interesting stories to make.
I will absolutely make them real quick scallions.
I love you.
Thank you so much for your support.
I really really really appreciate it really appreciate it.
Yeah, here kind of with most of these stories guys Greer will talk about the witness will talk about what's going on and then kind of round it back to himself like.
Greer was talking about Michael and then states that after the 2023 NPC that his YouTube was hacked and demonetized and.
That just wasn't a necessary addition to me but Greer then talks what I talked about in my interview with Michael that the insider who spoke to Michael was at the NPC 2023 and exact quote from Greer that this insider said to him quote.
That is worse than your Marine guy thinks it is end quote you guys know I like those quote end quote this individual the insider that Michael has spoken to claim to have been part of this operation.
And then.
As you'll know this from Michael's testimony Greer starts talking about P3 psionic predisposed I can't remember exactly what pre P3 stands for at the moment my brain is going a mile per minute, but he talks about kind of P3 assets a little bit and if you guys.
Remember this from Michael story and then Ross cult her Ross Colt heart talking about consciousness and so forth.
But these individuals are basically used to interact with with ET craft recovered craft, or I think in some cases as Greer likes to stay kind of lower craft in.
Consciousness technology and P3 operator technology hijacking of ET craft target and bring them down or take control of them.
Greer states that this is a theme. This is a this was a very strange slide to me guys.
I found it strange that Greer brought in hand dominance and preference and individuals into accountability for psy abilities.
I wasn't.
I certainly have never heard that anywhere and I have not heard that I probably won't hear that again.
But Greer states that most of these P3 assets these people who are tasked with in kind of interacting with ET craft with their consciousness connection most die.
Those who cannot do the work are used as forced laborers and maintenance in side the facilities and some are now defecting to disclosure project.
I would like to hear a little bit more about that.
And at this time, Greer mentioned a base in the Chihuahua Desert used to house P3s.
This is a reference to the sentinels of ethers kind of dops or play written by Michael or ghost written by Michael's insider that he's contacted, which talks about we talked about this all last week 2004.
What we can now assume is a Lockheed Martin recovery team wiping out a JSOC team.
The differences in sentinels of ether involves trafficking P3 assets in John Stewart source.
It involves tracking it down to craft.
So then Greer went for quite a while on a story about a dream he had when he was around 18 and knew the structures of the cosmos.
This was about this was a while kind of leading after discussing Michael and P3s.
And this, of course, Greer reiterates that at some unknown time he was approached and offered $2 billion to kind of hush up in defect, not really defect, not really joined black programs, but to stop talking and stop working on the DPA archive.
I think he's discussed this quite a little bit.
Of course, at this time, this is obviously very powerful for Greer.
He got pretty emotional at this time.
And I can understand that, especially working on such such kind of huge stuff in his life, you spent so much time doing this.
But, you know, I can sometimes I have trouble separating, you know, maybe some of this stuff is sympathy plays for Greer when he talks about himself so much, kind of getting emotional about that.
But who knows who knows.
So at this point we had an intermission, I think it was about 30 minutes.
And when we come back from the break, most things were focused on kind of consciousness and so forth.
So Greer kind of breaks down what he states is the UFO phenomenon it's broke down between ET interdimensional beings and classified black programs usaps and basically human reverse engineer technology.
I'll leave this up for a couple seconds.
But Greer likes to distinguish the fact or distinguish between ET craft and the DPI archive.
The guy has poured his entire life into this.
Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely.
Greer has put decades, decades, decades.
Stubblebind was the one who offered him $2 billion.
Has he said that before?
I might just be messing out actually.
That's interesting.
For some reason it doesn't.
Is there a link that's not working?
Tell us that.
If there's a link that's not working.
I thought this was a really interesting here guys.
Look under the classified unacknowledged special access programs you'll see holographic man made beings from thought forms.
Now if you guys know anything about like old, I can't even think to where this practice begins, but topos like a thought forms that manifest conscious beings.
I'm just, that's a lot.
That's a huge thing to put into a PowerPoint without really expanding on it further, especially saying that Lockheed skunk works essentially manifest topos.
So, yeah, so, yeah, so Greer talks about that both the extraterrestrial and ultra dimensional hypothesis of non human intelligence is through that both of these exist on our planet.
They're just differentiated.
Most of what we can see as physical craft are in fact ET or ARV alien reproduction vehicles human made and Greer states that the vast majority of sightings of UFO, especially in today's age are actually ARV technology human made technology and not not real kind of ET craft.
A lot of the ultra terrestrial stuff is kind of what you hear a little bit more about attached with woo in the phenomena, kind of floating orbs the poltergeist phenomena and so forth.
A lot of this talk kind of dove into a little bit more of the kind of woo stuff discussing a lot of physics talk with quantum thrown in here and there to kind of make things sound a little bit more mysterious.
We referenced the show stranger things as a description of summoning ultra terrestrial beings.
This reminds me very closely of Alex Jones claims of of of of individuals high up in clandestine government operations who will take a bunch of DMT and then go talk to spirit programs.
Next, Greer, sorry.
And this time, Greer kind of discuss started to really get into kind of the consciousness aspect of of UAP, a lot of talk about kind of new age concepts like light beings and stuff.
Some of the interesting stuff that Greer discusses is that human programs and abilities are now very close and comparable to what ET technology has.
And this is very interesting to me.
Especially when you think about kind of analyze witness testimony of human made ARVs the possibility they work on electrogroupics like the TR3B and so forth.
I, it's really interesting to think about if human capabilities are near ET and the implications of that are that would mean that human these black programs have unrestricted use of basically surrounding basically unrestricted use of our solar system and other space
time, what kind of operations are they getting up to and so forth is a very interesting question.
And that Greer likes to state that humans are now an existential threat to ET.
Part of this is because Greer states the technologies ET extraterrestrials use are non local.
A lot of these technologies require a craft being or technology to basically remove itself from 3D space time entered folds between dimensional space and pop up elsewhere.
And we'll talk about that a little bit more in a second.
Yeah, the the holographic consciousness universe.
This stuff at least I know this interests a lot of people.
That's why of course I'll put it up here.
It's not as big as my focus.
You guys know it's reverse engineering and crash retrieval.
So I might be a little not as knowledgeable on this topic here.
So if I sound ignorant or I'm just kind of skipping through stuff that you find really interesting.
That's my bad.
I'm just not as well versed on on such topics quickly Greer really kind of leaned into remote view.
Sorry, wrong tab.
Greer really leaned into remote viewing at this point and went on for a couple minutes about how he himself can levitate.
That was that I think is a bit a bit.
That's a bit of a stretch for me in terms of saying you can levitate and so forth.
I don't really see how that fits into this discussion even when speaking about consciousness and so forth.
But we'll keep going because I want to get to Greer had Greer posted what he thinks of as his own Kardashev scale guys.
So you guys know the Kardashev scale.
It's a ranking of basically civilizations throughout the cosmos.
Humanity is what's known as like a level like 0.7 on the Kardashev scale.
A level one Kardashev scale is able to harness the entire energy output of its host planet.
A type two Kardashev scale is able to harness the total energy output of its host son.
And a level three Kardashev civilization is able to harness the entire energy output of its home galaxy.
There are kind of more expansions on on this and different breakdowns.
But Greer states that current human civilization is consumed by war.
It's very primitive environmental technologies and it's plagued by extinction level events.
A global peaceful civilization.
And I think this is Greer's ultimate goal to leave us lead us towards especially when you look at the lost century.
His next video in which he really push is for kind of the the utilization of zero point energy and technologies that have been obfuscated.
And hidden with E.T. reverse engineering.
I'm just laughing at Mr. Mosilli's comments were zero.
Yeah, that's funny to me.
And a permanent P.I. I think this is a great point by Kai Greer magically assumes that humans are going to magically start loving each other.
And if we know NHI and advanced technology is real, yes, I disagree.
I think he I think a lot of that is he.
Arrest that on claims of like Ronald Reagan and his speech where he says I can't think of how fast humanity would come together if we face like an alien threat and so forth.
I agree.
I don't think that can be utilized to solely bring humanity together.
But a permanent P civilization develops trans dimensional technologies when you read that trans dimensional technologies just know that that's what I discussed when Greer says that a lot of these E.T. technologies are non local that they require the
Utilizer of the technology to basically leave our current space time travel through dimensional folds reengaged another point of space time.
The pursuit of science and consciousness.
Okay, we can go to but the the weird thing about this guys is Greer only posted to two of four of these slides.
Greer says there's four levels of civilization.
He only posted two slides.
You can see two of four here.
He only posted the slide before in this one.
So that was pretty funny to me the level three and interstellar civilization clear to travel to other star systems.
However, if humans have ability similar to E.T. now, could we not feasibly travel to other star systems as well.
Development of widespread establishment of science of consciousness pursuit of higher states of consciousness early integration into other interstellar civilizations.
I do think the pursuit of consciousness needs to be integrated into a kind of us a level zero current current human civilization as well.
I think consciousness study is a is integral to the human experience, especially how it relates to UAP technology.
That is not something that should be overlooked.
It's still a concept that I'm can be quite unfamiliar with and quite uncomfortable with sometimes.
It's still really new to me concepts like P3 concepts like remote viewing consciousness studies still very new to that subject.
So if I'm ever ignorant towards it, that's why I'm still learning a level four cosmic consciousness civilization above 1% of something.
Senior ambassadors are enlightened in cosmic consciousness contact with other advanced civilizations.
However, wouldn't a level three interstellar civilization be able to do the same?
But according to this same log, if a cosmic consciousness civilization can provide guidance to emerging civilizations, would a level zero civilization such as humanity not be a emerging civilization?
Or would we need to be a level one or two a global peaceful civilization global peaceful civilization to receive contact and level five part of the senior interstellar collective.
My question to Greer is where is he getting this information?
What is he basing this off of?
I would I would really like to know because it's really interesting to me of enlightenment widespread and accelerated experience or innate.
I don't know what that word means.
I'm sorry guys technology parallel states of consciousness.
So Greer talks about some CE five stuff now.
And he posted a lot of images.
Most were just kind of vague shapes, not much to him.
He posted two images.
Sorry wrong.
He posted two images where actual forms can be seen from CE five contact.
I took a special note of right here, but I need to shout out a dude in my discord right when I posted this.
The same gentleman rectified he posted.
Let me pull this up.
This image right here on the right rectified posted that this was actually a sighting in Twitter in in Chile, sitting on Twitter in Chile.
And as far as rectified knows, Greer is not associated with this sighting at all.
So why why post this if it's not yours, man?
Most of Greer's photos you can see a lot of CE five stuff on the DPI archive.
The vast majority of them are lights in the sky.
I'm totally not.
I'm not totally closed off to CE five.
I just haven't seen evidence for it, you know, especially when it comes to the images.
It's just sort of really vague light forms.
So of course, there's there's not much I can kind of study off of that.
But I'd like to see more.
So interesting to me, I'm sure you guys have all heard of a lot of the stuff that Jason Sands has been talking about that.
John Ramirez talked about that Lou has talked about that that Jeremy Corbell and George not kind of like to dangle in front of you a date, a deadline, right?
When I say that most people probably think of 2027 as a sort of deadline.
I think it's associated with Jason Sands.
He overheard he states he overheard communications between NHI and humans or NHI and NHI saying they want their stuff back.
Greer made specific mention of the timeframe 2025 to 2030.
Quote, if we haven't corrected this problem, it will be corrected for us.
Greer states this is the worst case scenario that our mastery of ET technologies are a threat due to the fact these are non local technologies are harnessing and misuse of these technologies are affecting other solar systems.
And fixing this thing for us would be a correction to protect other worlds, life on earth and life elsewhere.
And that statement is kind of where Greer left the event.
Of course, then there was an ovation and everybody clapped and left.
So that was the that was the entire Greer catalog of his show today in London.
And now that that's over, we can go through kind of if you have questions about the event questions about anything, let's go through them.
We'll talk about the whole thing.
If there's anything that stood out to you, we'll go through one by one and you guys know how I do.
If there's any question, I will absolutely answer it.
So we'll start going through those.
Whoa, this is really over lit.
How about that?
It's really over lit.
Sorry about that, guys.
I don't know if that's better.
So let's see.
I'm going to leave it on.
The main issue with Greer is he does not distinguish between what he knows due to evidence and what he is speculating on.
He's pretty much in his own category among UAP sources.
Yeah, I think it's crucial to for people when they're speculating to make sure that it's clear that they're speculating.
I think this is what got like Jason Sands and a bit of trouble out the gate because he would just kind of ramble on about scenarios and ideas
and wouldn't really kind of nail down and specify when he's saying, hey, I'm speculating.
I don't know this for sure.
I think with a lot of these witnesses in Greer's archive, I'm not sure to the extent to which he has vetted every single one of these sources.
So when he claims he has 762 whistleblowers, this is pretty much every name redacted or unredacted on the log.
A lot of these names that he states are under whistleblower protection.
A lot of these are labeled as like UFO researchers.
For example, you guys know I'm working on the Kexpert case.
Stan Gordon is listed in there as a UFO researcher in point of contact to Kexpert witnesses.
Does he need to be offered?
If you guys don't know Stan Gordon, he was the primary Kexpert researcher.
Did he need to be offered whistleblower protection?
There's also a lot of the I feel like with the witness list and the facilities map.
Greer was happy to beef up the content over quality of the content, right?
I bet you can see what I'm saying.
For each email he received, somebody making claims, it's easy to redact the email, redact the name, throw it on the DPI archive to say, hey, here's another witness.
Look what they're saying now and so forth.
Hey, Flying Lotus, what's up dude?
Flying Lotus, if you guys don't know his music, Flying Lotus is awesome.
I recommend checking out the Black Balloon reprise with Denzel Curry and Never Catch Me with Kendrick Lamar.
Flying Lotus is great.
What do I think about Richard Doty?
I don't think he can be trusted.
I think anything that Doty kind of connects his name to, it's almost impossible to get to the bottom of.
All you have to do is look at Tobinowitz and his claims in a career's documentary Unacknowledged where he talks about the, I think it's the Roswell, yeah, the Roswell incident being some Russian dwarves,
disfigured Russian dwarves and so forth.
So I tend to stay away from Doty as much as I possibly can.
What are your thoughts on Sans?
Truthfully, I don't buy it at all, but would like to get your thoughts.
I'm remaining agnostic to Sans until I get a chance to kind of speak to him direct.
I know a lot of people, not a lot, I'd say I know about six people in the intelligence community and all of them, while they can't verify Sans' claims,
they all speak very highly of him as an individual.
So I find that interesting.
Now, all these people that speak highly of him as an individual agree that the method in which he came forward was awful.
You know, on Twitter spaces and to just engage with a lot of the Twitter drama and so forth.
And I've heard that that's just kind of the type of guy Sans is.
He just wants to get that information out there.
He's got a great and kind heart.
He knows him directly, speaks incredibly highly of him.
So if I get a chance to speak to him, I'd like to.
Until then, I'll probably just remain a little agnostic towards his case.
I do not trust Greer.
He's a shifty.
I'll say it just like I've said a thousand times.
Greer has brought forth so much great witnesses and documents and stuff to study.
And then disclosure briefing document from 2001.
I will swear by it is the best piece of literature.
If one of the best pieces of literature on the UFO subject.
Now, I agree with what Kai said earlier that Greer tries to make himself the center of everything.
This was further enforced by Greer talking just inserting himself into everything.
I forgot when he was talking about Michael.
He was saying that how he like worked out with Michael and how big Michael was and how much it made him soar to work out with Michael.
And it's, you know, it's, you know, why do you need to keep talking about yourself with all of that?
He likes to make himself the centerpiece of everything, but he has done great, great work.
Thanks for the shout out.
I'm just following your leads and focusing on the approval.
Yeah, exactly.
There's just there's a ton of fluff and euphology and I know myself I have gotten caught going down some rabbit holes that lead nowhere and done some dead end work or work that I later found out is kind of just not much to it.
But just kind of focus on what you can.
I like how this channel attracts both people capable and willing to actually think and share lunatics.
I don't, I don't know.
I think everybody here is pretty, pretty crafty, pretty smart.
I don't think I know of any lunatics in this chat.
Everybody is pretty brilliant, especially as we saw last week, man.
Everybody, everybody has something to say something to add.
I'd love every single person in here.
Implementing closed loop processes.
Oh, I think I'm stumbling upon a conversation in the chat here.
You guys keep going and I'll get the summary at the end.
Definitely has hundreds of USAP whistleblowers in there.
Correct.
A lot, trust me as I've spent an uncomfortable amount of time pouring through the UFO witnesses list.
And I plan to make multiple more videos on hold on.
Let me actually ask you a question.
There are a lot of sources that I want to cover in the redacted files that I have some interesting information on.
Even if I can't talk to these people, because there are some others who I've identified who I'm trying to talk to.
Even if I can't talk about them, do you guys still want me to cover them?
Or is that kind of like a not as interesting?
There's like a seven to 10 other people I would like to cover, but I've been hesitant to do so unless I have spoken to them.
But if you guys still want to see that, even just kind of my research on there, I would gladly do that as well.
Gladly.
I appreciate it, Myer, that you speak your mind.
That's the martial artist and you thank you very much.
I got to be careful speaking my mind.
I think just because I have a platform where I make videos, it's just important to kind of say when I don't know something.
I'll speak my mind, but then I'll say if it's got some nonsense in there, then I'll say it.
Have you heard about the big homie sea?
Yeah, let me let me grab a quick drink of water.
I'll do it away from the mic so I don't sound like a slurper in the mic.
I have.
I find it interesting, but I'm there's not much for me to investigate there, but it is interesting.
Doty's sauce.
I was surprised to make connections to lose book.
Doty is very stuff.
Sorry.
You should research the connection between DMT and NHI.
I forgot the name of the researcher who wrote that book, but he was working with John Mack.
That's not the work of no, that's not Terrence McKenna.
He worked with psilocybin.
Right.
I actually would like to pursue that more.
I think it's very interesting because there's there's the claims of like Alex Jones of DMT and NHI, but then there's a lot more grounded research.
So I would like to go down that rabbit hole.
You staff disinformation agent.
I think Doty was AFSOI, right?
Maybe I targeted Benowitz.
Yes.
Crazy committed suicide.
Yes.
These are all great points for anybody kind of looking into Doty.
Why all the hate on Greer?
I think people just have very hot and cold opinions on Greer.
I don't think that as that's much hate as it is people being rightfully critical of Greer.
Now, people are often very critical of Greer and I support that, but I also preach time and time again.
It's also important to give Greer credit where credit is due because Greer has done incredible work in the field of ufology would not be where it is today without Greer.
Absolutely not.
Hey, Towney 3057.
Thank you for the Australian 30 bucks.
I really appreciate that, man.
Thank you so much for tuning in.
Thank you very much.
Other than personal opinions, what's the deal about Greer?
This is just kind of what we discussed earlier that with a lot of witnesses, he will kind of make their story his own as kind of I saw firsthand and kind of make himself the center of everything in his event today.
He practices terrible operational security stating that he cares for the sanctity of whistleblowers and their anonymity, but he violates OPSEC horrifically in the worst way I have ever seen with TV.
I grappled with even publishing that his account for so long with TV because I knew that anybody could just hop on the DPI archive and find a name associated with it within seconds.
But Greer violates OPSEC and I just don't think he does enough work to vet all of the people who contact him.
I think anybody who kind of contacts him, if there's a story there, he just throws it into the witness list, right?
Because there's in the witness list, I think it's just stuff for quantity over quality because there's so many names in that that are just like point of contact to other witnesses.
And that stuff should just be used for internal use, right?
Like there's no need for the average researcher like me to get any value out of witness.
This isn't an actual number, but 11067 who is a point of contact to other points of contact.
There's nothing of value there.
Flying Lotus, thank you so much, dude.
I appreciate that.
I think coming up Flying Lotus and I are going to play some Black Ops as it comes out.
If anybody else wants to play some Black Ops with us, we'll do it in the Discord and that should be a ton of fun.
A ton of fun.
Faking CE5 stuff, I've seen nothing about the CE5, so I really don't kind of know anything about that.
But I do struggle with the images he posts that are supposedly CE5 stuff.
It's just kind of lights.
And as we saw with the saucer photo that was taken from a Chile case that as far as we know, Greer is not associated with that case.
And again, I just want to say this again.
I know I'm being very critical of Greer, but I could also spend an equal amount of time celebrating the great work he's done.
I'm just going to shout out again the interview he did with Jonathan Wagan, which is a wonderful piece.
And you can read the actual written description in the DPI archive.
In the 2001 disclosure briefing document, he also provides his estimate on the Black Operation situation in terms of how this program operates quasi-nationally,
basically performs off the books, has almost mastered extraterrestrial technology, commands ARVs and so forth.
Excellent piece.
I do need to state that Greer did in fact, maybe it's not necessarily a brief, but did speak to Admiral Thomas Wilson amongst others about UFOs in 97.
That is true.
That dude, you are that dude telekinesis beats.
Thank you very much.
Philip Corso is the smoking gun.
Philip Corso is excellent.
I have talked to an individual who the same they know some like inside stuff and corporations and they have recommended Corso, a lot of Corso's work.
So that's really interesting.
Greer has helped to further bring attention to UAP UFO, USO.
So in some aspects, he did some good for the topic, but it's a double edged sword.
So he's kept some that agreed.
I think that's a really good way to put a double edged sword with the bad with with the bad with Greer.
I'm going to start dosing in some of the good with Greer because even though a lot of today, today with the with the what's it called his event.
I know I've I harped on a lot of points saying like old Greer stuffed himself into here, but still all of this work is is out of decades, decades of labor, decades will be Milo.
I love you as well.
Thank you very much.
I guess we'll know moving forward who's full of crap and who isn't.
I very much hope so.
I absolutely hope so.
Any thoughts on Tim Ventura and friends?
Why do I know that name?
You guys are going to roast me for not knowing Tim Ventura off the top of my head.
Somebody remind me and I will remember.
I will absolutely remember.
Do I have plans to collaborate with any other UFO related YouTube channels night shift invented?
I'm asking as they've shown keen interest in talking to you.
No, that's not that's not so much my thing.
Collabs, Jesse Michaels and John Michael Gaudier.
Those are those are some collabs.
I'll be doing and I will be seeing Jesse Michaels this week.
And I can't wait for that because he just interviewed Lou and I can't wait to speak to him about that.
That's going to be great.
Grubbs equals goat.
Thank you.
You are goat.
You are the goat Django.
What do you think about Harold Malmgren and former personal dental advisor Malmgren is extremely interesting.
And so is his daughter.
And I would like to speak to his daughter as she has made some excellent claims as well.
Excellent, excellent claims.
What do you think about blood?
So we discussed this last time I've remained similar to sans pretty agnostic to blood.
So I don't want to put forward an opinion on anything unless I have a kind of well versed research.
So I'll sit down, read some books about blood.
So watch some interviews and so forth.
And then I will form an opinion because I don't I don't want to just talk out of my behind.
I want your view on your research as opposed to your view on others.
I hope that's clear.
A lot of people do great research here.
I think that I just like to model my research a little bit more on like the old school researcher like the Dolan or the string field.
I find power in the written word and I try to create something that would be a written word and translated into a video.
I like the chasing down leads.
I like I like a little this is the way to do.
I like a little less news of the day type stuff and a little more long research into a topic.
That's just kind of how I like to do things.
I know everybody has their preference.
I know everybody has a preference.
Okay, let's go.
Don't don't you think it's weird that Rogan is suddenly super skeptical about all this?
I mean, from having a UAP in Lazare to not believe it anymore.
Why didn't Lou talk about his book?
Lou didn't talk about his book because Lou didn't want to sell his book on the podcast, which I very respect.
You might have to just talk about the phenomenon.
It's interesting how whenever there's a UAP related guy on Joe Rogan, Mike Baker, the CIA, former CIA guy is right there to clean it up.
I think Baker has 14 appearances on Jerry.
It's also really interesting to see Joe's.
I think Joe just likes to believe kind of what's in the cool conspiracy, right?
Because when he was really into UFOs, this was like 20 early or mid 2010s when the subject wasn't as popular as it was.
There wasn't as much serious research.
And he just kind of liked that it was more of a conspiracy.
In a way, I think he's a little bit more of a calm Eddie Bravo.
And we love Eddie Bravo.
Joe Rogan's episodes with Eddie Bravo and Alex Jones are some of the best entertainment you will ever see ever.
Speaking, your mind is potentially going to cost you.
Are you scared even a little?
No, I mean, I've probably crossed some toes, but it's all good.
Rick Strassman, where have I heard that name before Lotus?
Where have I heard that name?
I've heard of Freedward Winterberg.
That name rings a bell, but I can't reference it off the top of my head.
I have come across the names Falcon and Condor.
I think this was actually a career witness in 1980s in reference to like a blue team as well.
I have to find those files, but yes, I have.
Greer presents himself in a polarizing way, but if he's right even 10% of the time, then he's a valuable addition.
Yes, absolutely.
That's why everything that Greer puts out, I think needs to be researched independently from everything else and studied.
People mainly criticize Greer because of CE5 and how he monetized it while appearing to provide no evidence that it works.
I think so.
I think that's a good point because a lot of the CE5 stuff is really pricey.
I think in my Discord, I did kind of like an event revenue of this event that he did today just to kind of get a ballpark picture.
I think the place in which he spoke in London housed like 800 people and we'll just say that it was at full capacity.
Between tickets in there are $75 and then webinar tickets and stuff.
I think it was like a gross of $45,000 and this wasn't counting the 1,500 to sit and have dinner with Greer.
I just think he pushes the monetary incentive pretty heavy because he especially asks for donations and stuff for DPI archives.
I think he just really pushes that.
I'm not too well versed in psychedelics so I don't know how much I can answer there.
Greer just in terms of the impact is made.
It's up there with Jacques Villiers and Jean Mack and those figures he is.
Greer is on the Mount Rushmore of UFO researchers and I will say that.
Has Greer said anything recently about Lou Elizondo?
I think Greer is critical of Lou Elizondo and I'm trying to remember that right now, but I do think that.
I do think Greer is a charlatan.
I can understand why you think so.
There is a disinformation campaign to ruin Greer's name, especially on Twitter.
I wouldn't be surprised, but I think Greer is one of those guys that they can just kind of let go and do his own thing because as you see in the comments, Greer is so polarizing.
Everybody is so polarized about Greer.
So many people think he might be a charlatan, so many people respect him, and so many people are in between.
So I think Greer does that himself, to be honest.
What are your thoughts on Rogan?
Isn't it sus, suddenly a skeptic anymore?
Yes, absolutely.
I find it weird to think about when he had guests like Travis Walton on and Bob.
I stay away from talking about Bob.
I've said this before because I want so badly to believe Bob.
I can't really look at his case with a critical analysis because if I see the discrepancies in education, I'll just try and explain it the way as best as I can.
But Joe is so, so easy on Bob, especially when Bob had migraines when he couldn't answer a question.
But Joe, when he spoke to Grosh in particular, I know because I've watched that interview like 50 times, was extremely harsh and not a very gracious host, in my opinion.
Greer has beef with Elizondo.
Yes.
Sorry for repeating the question.
It didn't come through before.
I wanted to ask what made you consider the phenomenon being real?
For me, it was the Nimitz incident since I am into jets.
That's a good one.
I think that, I don't know if there was one specific incident that made me just say, Holy cow, the phenomenon is real just because I've been studying this since I was just so young.
In my mind, just with all the encounters I read about, especially when I was young, I was really into air force sightings and dog, not dog fights with craft, but like military sightings because I was so into military jets and UFOs.
I've just always been like the back of my head until I reached an older age, just kind of had to assume there was validity to this and so forth.
So I don't think there, I would like to hear from you guys, what was your like shining moment that made you say, Holy cow, this is real.
I'd like to hear that from you guys.
Rogan, Mike Baker, every time you talk, yeah, that's really funny.
Lou said a prominent member of the disclosure movement is disinfo.
He was probably referring to Greer.
Yeah, that was on a Sean Ryan, right?
No, that was Timber Shet, I think it was on the Sean Ryan show.
He referred to, maybe I'm thinking of a different incident, but Timber Shet says something similar.
I feel like you should do a video on DMT research in NHI as some people see entities on doing DMT.
That'd be fun.
I'd like that, but I will have to do a lot of research because I know very, very, very little about, I know very little about psychedelics, very little.
I really think we should, yeah, I'm just not well versed.
People like to crap on Greer for the sake of saying something.
They don't bother doing the research and go very deep on it.
ARV, Psychotronics, EMWs, DEWS, MKUltra, et cetera.
I completely agree.
A lot of the way Greer phrases stuff is very outlandish and standoffish.
So even stuff like P3 and Consciousness Connection Greer has been talking about for a while.
And I fell into the pitfall you're talking about, about kind of brushing that stuff golf because I thought it was a little too far fetched for me to pay attention to until I really started kind of sitting back and thinking about things.
Have you ever done any videos on June Crane?
I have not, but that would be interesting.
Did you read Crash at Corona from Stanton Freeman?
I didn't read Crash at Corona from Stanton Freeman, but I have read about the Corona crash and talked about it with Ryan Wood.
And I think Wood as well as, I think James Rigney, the guy who leaked the Wilson Davis documents, thinks that some details of Roswell are kind of mixed in with other crashes around the same time.
And one of those is Corona and so forth.
What's your take on Rogan recently?
I think you got warned by Feds to stop talking too much.
I want to be surprised.
I used to be a big Joe Rogan listener, but I feel like the quality of guests have died off and the talking points aren't nearly as interesting to me.
What have you heard of Harry Drew and do you think he is honest?
That is very interesting.
I have, I spoke about Harry Drew and the Kingman Crash very recently.
A certain, I'm not going to say their name just because I don't know if they want to kind of talk about that they're working on this.
But an interesting channel and myself were trying to track down Harry Drew's documentary about what he had a documentary about Kingman.
And we've been trying to track that down right now.
It's only been really a DVD that was sold with his book on Kingman.
I can't remember what it's called right now.
Like the fifth day in May or something like that.
I'm trying to remember what it's called.
But yeah, Harry Drew is the person that proposed that there were three Kingman crashes.
The first was a controlled descent.
The second or first was a controlled descent and the second two were crashes, two of which contained bodies as well.
And this occurred over in late May, 1953.
Harry Drew is really interesting.
I need to track down that dang documentary.
Ross Campbell says Kingman is extremely important.
I agree.
I think it's crucial to track down that dang documentary and continue to study.
I like to think back to the Chris Mellon signal exchange.
He released with a USG individual who talked about an SES gatekeeper in the Air Force and Kingman.
Joe got warned big time.
I think it's very possible.
I'm sorry.
I'm trying to keep up with everything.
If we talk about something, then like five minutes later, I get to the comment.
I'm sorry about that, guys.
Mike Baker talks for hours and says nothing.
He does.
I remember back in like 2017, I saw a Mike Baker episode and I said, Holy cow.
What's it going to be?
And this guy just jabbers, jabbers, jabbers, jabbers on with, with not much interesting
to say.
I dig Greer's view on drones versus UAP.
I have a feeling he's on to something.
The KMO drones jellyfish is a big retriever for DoD.
Yeah.
I found more and more.
I've warmed up to the idea that there's a more of a mix of ARV versus UAP according to Greer.
Bradley, what's up?
You have missed quite a lot and I would recommend starting from the beginning because we talked
about Greer's entire presentation today.
Rick Strasman.
I know Rick.
Okay.
Yes.
Okay.
I will read that.
I will read that.
That sounds really interesting.
I think Rogan might still believe.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Probably with that with how big Rogan is, he probably is just bombarded with so much as
well.
So much.
Maybe people who are just claiming to have sightings and so forth that he just is a little
bit jaded to the topic, which is crazy to me if he is jaded to the topic because he'll
have guys like Lou and Grush on and kind of treat them not as pleasantly as I would have
thought.
Are you familiar with the alleged crash of a man made triangular ARV in East Germany?
Was that in?
Let me get out a copy of Magic Eyes Only.
What year was that in?
Sorry.
I dropped my water bottle.
I need to find out what year that was in.
I want to say 80s, maybe earlier, but I do remember that case.
Okay.
Kai, I will look for you because I have heard of that case.
You're saying it was Mark McCandlish.
He talked about it.
Was that when he talked?
Okay.
Let me see.
I know I've heard about that.
I'm just having trouble referencing.
I appreciate the piece on Michael.
He will be anointed hero.
I hope so.
I would very much like for Michael to be able to speak a little more.
Very much like that.
I appreciate Lou for being humble that he doesn't mention his book out late,
despite essentially living in an ARV with his wife facing economic hardship.
Since speaking out about UAP, UFO, USO, et cetera.
Yeah.
Whatever your view is on Lou, it is respectful that especially on JR,
he doesn't mention his book once.
Once.
Falcon and Condor.
Yeah.
Aviary codenames.
Rick Dodie is one of them.
I think John B. Alexander is another.
Oh, and this was a witness.
A H A H in the Greer archive.
I can't remember exactly what name it is.
Slimy Toad made me fart real bad.
Well, maybe you shouldn't take Slimy Toad, brother.
Seriousness aside, Greer looks like a reptilian wearing a human meat suit.
I hope he's not a secret reptilian.
Is there a chance the government actually works together on this behind the curtains?
Why?
Yes.
Five eyes to a degree.
Five eyes nations.
US, UK, New Zealand, Australia and Canada work together on this.
You can look at a 2023 memo from Canadian politician Larry McGuire to the Canadian
Minister of Defense that speaks about being more transparent about five eyes
working together with UAP.
If you listen to the UK whistle or sorry, the infographics whistleblower I covered
and you take that testimony as a real testimony or just somebody giving a real
testimony, you remember that Europe and many countries in Europe have been a default
agreement with the US that the US gets ownership of those technologies.
Really respect your view on Greer.
Obviously you have issues with him, but you don't turn a blind eye to his data.
Absolutely not.
The DPI archive has been a true gift, a true gift.
I have tried Greer CE5 protocols myself at home.
It worked.
Objects legit started appearing, disappearing, flashing, interacting with my thoughts.
I would like to hear more at what elevation did they appear?
Were they just light sources?
Could you make out like a tangible craft design?
Tell us more.
I think that's very interesting.
Very interesting.
Tim Ventura works at all propulsion, APEC works with Mark Sockle, Charles Bueller, Drew
Arajima.
Yes, I have heard of this, heard of him, but I've never really dove into any of his
work.
Sorry.
How many whistleblowers do you think will appear at the next UAP hearing?
Probably right now, I don't have very high hopes for many.
I think the 2023 congressional hearings, there were supposed to be two additional
whistleblowers that didn't show up.
I would hope more, but with whistleblower protection right now in terms of not safeguarding
people's pensions, I don't know how many people want to do that.
There are too many people who focus on the people more than the content.
Yes.
I 100% agree.
Well put.
Falcon was, yes, I believe it was, I believe Falcon was Richard Dodie.
Wow, we're just getting to the Grush and JR Retalk.
Yeah, he was standoffish with Grush.
Joe was kind of just like really laissez-faire with that, kind of relaxed and taken very
seriously.
Rogan Krabs on Grush and Lou behind their backs, but he blindly defends Lazare.
Yeah, it seems like he has a big problem with Grush and then the TTSA crowd.
The releasing is not right wing.
You asked politics is a mess, a mess.
Your video on the private sector should be required viewing for anyone in the community
and any conspiracy communities.
This is so big.
I appreciate that.
Thank you.
Are you talking Battelle, Lockheed or SAIC?
Timbershed recently said that next hearings will likely primarily consist of scientists
and more pilots.
Yeah.
As much as I enjoy hearing about Ryan Graves, we need firsthand testimony of the people
that Greer says he's talking to about people who have actually retrieved craft, like he
said, who flew him over the Hellendale plant.
Rogan is being led by gatekeepers.
I wouldn't be surprised.
We should deep dive CEO of these companies with special access programs.
I bet something surfaces.
Someone was, but oh, that reminds me.
Greer said his uncle was the Grumman in Northrop Grumman, but that he had no knowledge of
UAP situations.
I would like to look into CEOs, as well as some head-up scientists.
We talked about this last week, but Lockheed Martin and Jim Ryder, as mentioned in Lou
Elizondo's book, Eminent.
I think there's a lot of interesting people we could study.
As well as looking at board of directors of companies and their previous relationships
in terms of work on the CIA, because you have Ronald Moultrie, who's on the board of directors
for the Carlisle Group.
He was a big with Sean Kirkpatrick and so forth.
There's a lot of great connections.
For me, it was Mark McCandless.
I see what you're saying.
Mark McCandless broke that ground for you.
Mark McCandless's story is excellent.
I really want to cover it in full detail and give it the true justice it deserves.
David Fraber got me started after that.
The testimonies are just impossible to know, both in quality and quantity.
Everything else seems like rumors to me, but I still find them interesting.
I remember when the Tic Tac case, when Fraber really started talking about his experience
on Joe Rogan and so forth, that felt monumental.
Real when David Grush came forward and I started researching and here I am.
If you were led here by Grush, I couldn't think of anything better.
Shining Moment was actually Bob Lazar interview with Rogan.
I believe everywhere he says from there, I started exploring rabbit holes.
Interesting.
Bob Lazar is, of course, so contentious.
I love, I could talk about Bob all dang day, all day.
Okay.
Flying Lotus, if you're still here, is Brainfeeder taking fall interns?
I can also text him about that.
I know, I will text him about that.
I didn't even know this stuff was going on until I saw the Nimitz incident,
which Nimitz incident would lead me to the hearing, which made me realize that
an experience I had was 100% of UAP.
Tell me about it.
That's really interesting.
You can either tell me about it here in the Discord because I would really like to hear
that.
McKinnon, let's just filmmaker was poisoned.
I forgot.
Yeah.
Greer said in this, sorry, I'll probably have details about the event come to me.
Greer stated that four people he has worked with have been killed.
I have not seen evidence for that, but he did state that.
He did state that.
I was attacked by a Translucent Bean when I was 19 or 20.
I was in between sleep and awake and it wasn't a dream.
It was like a tentacle pearl Translucent Bean.
That sounds horrifying.
Horrifying.
That sounds very scary.
Like in a hypnagogic state almost.
Respect your comment on old school research first news of the day.
I'm just an old school guy.
That's why I like wrestling with people and studying UFOs.
Greer is way ahead of Congress.
Even he is another level.
Greer is way, way ahead of Congress.
Even he is another level research.
Him.
He's.
I agree with you, Alan.
I don't know what you're saying, but I agree.
I met Greer's first time doing DMT.
It was expecting machine elves and fractals.
It was more real than real.
I don't know anything about UFO and Greer lore prior.
Now, after getting involved in UFO lore,
would you say these Greys that you saw are kind of like the classic depiction of Greys?
Me and the homies are all a girl build.
I hope everybody is, man.
How do I get in contact with these whistleblowers?
I would definitely like to do a video of myself on some of these people.
Is it because of your following?
Not likely.
For how I got in contact with Michael, for example, you guys know this.
I first got in contact with Joey.
Any of the people I've covered, like MSTB,
I have gone really far out of my way to contact these people.
Discerning the names on the DPI archive has taken anywhere from five minutes with TB to a week
to try to find these names.
Then, of course, it involves contacting these people,
seeing if they'll be willing to talk.
I can't tell you how. I have a dozen people who have told me no, not interested.
I mean, the name is listed in the archive.
I'm going to double check the archive because I don't want to burn the name if it's not there.
But there was a doctor that Greer stated had a UAP encounter on a ship,
on a Navy ship who a UAP came out of the water,
landed nearby and basically destroyed some of the local surroundings just with its landing.
In the archives with Greer, this individual also apparently had a point of contact
to a former Navy SEAL who was in charge of tracking UAPs coming out of a certain location.
I don't know what this location is underwater.
I contacted this person.
I said, and I will say who the person is next live if I find their name is still in the DPI archive
because it's listed out right.
But I contacted this person. They're an elderly doctor.
And I said, hey, would you be interested in talking about this?
I found your name in the DPI archive.
They didn't say no, it's not true.
They just said, I'm not interested.
And kind of a little back and forth with them telling me to kind of get lost.
So that was pretty dang interesting to me.
Seven days in May, that's it.
I was almost, I was almost on it.
Almost on it.
When I said I wanted your views, it was in reference to whistleblowers you haven't spoken to directly.
Oh, okay.
Whistleblowers I haven't spoken to directly.
Well, I would like to speak to them.
I just really enjoy talking to a lot of these people.
But there are a lot of prospective whistleblowers I will be trying to contact soon.
Large light formation hanging low in the sky.
Unbelievable color and formation free.
Mental Western Australia in 2005.
Tell me more about it.
What did this formation do?
What color was it and so forth?
Have you heard anything about the UAP so big it was presumably buried under something?
Of course, TB has spoken about one buried in Seoul, South Korea and his notes.
I think there are some people that think that the UAP Ross Colt Hart is referring to that was so big,
which I'm certain that you're referring to is in Pine Gap Australia.
I have not received any sort of interesting intelligence or kind of investigation on that subject.
I know very little about it.
I know very little about it, but I just don't even know where to begin researching where that site may be.
June Crane is worth a video.
Okay.
Her statements corroborate.
Roswell and her credentials are proven.
She had Q clearance.
Researcher interviewed is still alive today and is extremely kind.
Former LEO.
Okay.
I will.
I would absolutely do that and try and contact that guy.
You know, we, we need the Greer and Herrera insider to come forward publicly and end this debate once and for all to expose PLF,
Psychotronics used in fake abduction, ARVs, EMW attacks.
I completely agree.
I think this individual coming forward will, will, would be monumental,
especially if this person came forward with evidence.
I would like to see that.
Literally trying to get bro to the loose and they listen.
I don't, I don't do, I don't do, uh, I don't do any substances, but I don't have problems of people do if they're an adult.
And that's what they, that's what they choose to do.
It's, it's their body, their choice.
Uh, man's doesn't look like he needs any more trouble keeping it together.
Keep kicking butt.
Best show on the topic.
I appreciate that man.
Much love.
Thank you very much.
That means the most.
Uh, sorry.
Greer was telling the truth about Admiral Wilson's briefing documents.
He's telling the truth for decades.
No one believed him.
Doesn't that tell you something?
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
It does Greer.
I mean, I think Admiral Wilson even admitted to speaking to Greer, but even when he still denied the, the, sorry, my brain's being scared.
Even when he denied the allegations of the Wilson Davis memo being true, but Greer did do that.
Yes.
That's why I think that is why I took the approach.
I did it with Greer's witnesses that they really need to be investigated.
The filter.
Who has big eyes?
Let me know who, let me know who has, who has the big eyes.
Like, I'd like to hear about that.
Love what you do.
Keep the deep eyes.
Thank you for training your excellent work.
Had some weird results with CE5 over the years, but recommended even if it's just to go stargazing.
I would like to hear about this.
Absolutely.
Please.
Mark.
Yes.
This is important to know about Mark.
Mark was an aerospace contractor illustrator.
He did a ton of work, a ton of great work.
And he also has a lot of interesting points of contact and so forth.
Let me get some cold brew.
Sorry guys.
Remember when Dodie said ETs like straw?
Did he?
I don't remember him saying that, but I, I don't, I don't, I don't doubt that.
Have you had a UAP setting up some kind?
Yeah.
I talked about this last time.
I don't ever really talk about it just because it's, it's not too big of a deal.
You know, I think like many people have had experiences just where I've seen these strange
lights in the sky, strange formations doing zigzagging in the sky and so forth, but no
tangible actual craft or an actual structure I could make out.
And I would talk about it more if I had, if I myself had seen the exact body of a saucer
or a triangle.
The five eyes things makes a lot of sense when you start looking at the way the internet
globally, NC and AU are high or handy just based on geography.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I also think there's a lot of interesting Australia stuff to, to study.
Rogan is skeptical of anything coming from the government to be honest.
Chuck Schumer, Hilly Clinton being involved in disclosure is kind of weird.
There's evidence Hillary has known something.
Yeah.
With John Podesta.
Absolutely.
That is weird.
And maybe that ties into what we talked about at the beginning of this live stream where
we were talked about first being approached to buy white hats or blue team under the Clinton
administration.
Who knows?
Okay.
I was told UAP is hide in our underground aquifer surfacing through connected lakes and streams.
They are well hidden.
That is, that is very interesting.
That is very interesting, especially with stories of UAP kind of appearing from lakes and so
forth.
That's actually really interesting.
I've never heard that.
Your spine on your, yeah, that's a good point.
Five eyes, five eyes joint intelligence.
What are your thoughts on the UFO that is way too big to move?
Elizondo was asked about it in a recent interview.
We just talked about this.
That is from the, I think originally proposed by Ross Colt Hart.
I've heard some people say South, South Korea.
Some people say Pine Gap Australia.
I don't know what that, I don't know what the heck to think.
Really Greer is worth researching.
The guy is a lot more in the know than anyone else in the field.
Chris is life dedicated to this and what's the trauma surgeon?
Absolutely.
That is why I have dedicated probably two hours of every single day to studying Greer's materials.
Absolutely.
Greed with all this witness folks on favorite graves.
There are so many, many better cases and witnesses out there.
I agree.
One of those I'd like to see is Mr. TB.
Great point mentioning Hellendale radar cross-section facilities.
Definitely a place worth keeping an eye on.
It was as was the Lockheed Lighthouse in Virginia.
Yeah, that's an interesting location to mention.
Again, if you weren't here when we talked about the Hellendale site earlier,
Greer in his symposium today talked about Hellendale,
posted pictures of it, said he was flown over this site,
but didn't mention Hellendale.
Also checked the DPI archive and found it very strange that all sort of images of Hellendale
in reference to Hellendale were kind of taken off the photo site.
Greer in graves are such experienced pilots as were the radar operators.
Yes.
No, I think the balloon.
Yeah, those cases are not, especially multi-sensor detection like that.
No.
What are your thoughts about the Soviet Union UFO cases where UFO above a nuclear silo
is activated multiple nuclear ICBMs?
Yeah, that's so interesting because of course, in a lot of our cases here,
but not AFB, any cases of malabstrom around nuclear arms.
It always seems like that the Minutemen missiles or the ICBMs are basically effectively rendered useless
and there are Russian cases about them almost being activated.
I don't know what to think about that, to be honest.
Really don't.
I can't remember, I can't prove it, but I remember reading Trump was only briefed on UAP.
You're remembering that from Lou and Ross Colthart have both said that.
Why would our UAP moderators claim Greer is a charlatan?
I had a post removed a while back after sharing a link to one of his documents.
I think that's kind of bogus.
Sharing Greer documents is kind of wild to just say that's a disinformation or not true.
That would be huge.
Appreciate it.
Been talking with the stones.
You've been talking with stones for recently, but brain feed or internship would be a dream.
How can I send you my contact info?
Either join the Discord.
I'll post the link in the here.
Sorry.
I need to remember how to invite people.
I'll post the Discord link in here.
Otherwise, UAPGIRB at gmail.com.
Here's the Discord link if anybody would like to join.
There's been some good discussion today and you can see all my notes as they were from
today's presentation.
Heaps of short boys.
Guys, can you hear me?
I think I accidentally just left the live.
If anybody can hear me, let me know.
Let me know if you can hear me.
Okay.
I think I'm still live.
Somebody let me know, please.
Okay.
Great.
I'm sorry.
I accidentally just hit a, I have one of those gaming, gaming mouses.
So I actually just backed out.
I'm going to try to find out exactly where I was.
I'm very sorry for that, guys.
Okay.
Here we go.
Sorry about that, guys.
My bad.
I went into UAP with three others about 15 years ago.
It looked to be a green shooting star.
It fell long enough to call attention to it.
Then accelerated to a 45 degree England disappeared.
That's very interesting, especially with the case I'm covering right now being labeled a
meteor until it turned 25 degrees.
So that is a, that's really interesting to hear the flying lotus.
Yes, flying, flying lotus is a fan of the Gerb channel.
And I'm a fan of his music.
Excellent music.
I'm surprised there hasn't been anyone who takes psychedelics before doing CE5.
Because we know the, the P3 people are given a cocktail of drugs before they're what we
would call their version of CE5 experience.
I wanted to know what I've seen ever since.
No idea what it could do.
These things I saw it do.
I, when you see impossible feats in the sky, there's a very, very strange.
Let's go to, is it triangle formation?
Okay.
You were talking about your UFO sighting triangle formation, triangle light formation above
your garden, coming to a sudden stop, changing colors, pulsating, suddenly skipping, flying
off into an instant at the speed of a modern day jet.
I wonder if that is like a TR3B or some ARV.
People love dismissing plant-based contact experience.
I think so.
Again, I don't have a lot of, I'm pretty uninformed on any sort of psychedelic.
So I, my opinion is probably one of the most ill-informed, ill-informed out there.
It still amazed me that Schumer Rounds Memo doesn't get more attention because the fact
they both pushed for it, yes, especially with 27 mentions of non-human intelligence, the
mention of legacy programs, the mention of UAP materials being misclassified under the
1954 atomic energy agreement under transclassified foreign nuclear materials.
Let's go.
Why should people take abduction cases from their beds seriously?
Why take any of this seriously?
I think in terms of abduction cases, especially from the bed, the research of John Mack was
used just to try and find similarities between, between kind of cases.
Anthony, thank you so much for the five bucks.
Have I ever looked into the Eiger 1992 video?
The detail in the life form makes it hard to debunk.
Let me, I feel like I've heard of that.
Let me get back to you on that because I feel like I've heard of that video.
I can't recall it off the top of my head.
I love your logical no clickbait approach.
Your channel is massively under subscribed.
I appreciate that.
I hate clickbait because I grew up before clickbait was a real thing.
So back in the day when there'd be videos saying like, oh, don't watch, don't, don't play
Minecraft at 3am, warning scary.
I, that just puts such a sour taste in my mouth.
Kai, thank you.
I see it and I can't wait to talk to you about that after watching it.
It's sad what happened to Mark.
Absolutely.
Hey, what's up, Aussie, my Aussie brethren.
Nice to see you, man.
Why are there so many Democrats involved in disclosure?
Interesting question, especially kind of Clinton, Podesta and so forth.
Now it's a, hopefully we can continue this issue being a little bit more middle of the aisle.
Some of the best UAP contract content out there.
I appreciate that man.
Seriously, much love.
That, that means the most.
Um, let's see.
Let's get to a video debunking Mick West claims.
That would be fun.
I see, I leave that to guys like Merrick Von Damic.
I can never say his last name.
I leave, leave that to men like that who are a little bit more well versed in their claims
of counter analyses because I don't have the same analysis skills on sightings and so forth
as Merrick does to kind of counter Mick West's claims and so forth.
Of course I could when he says stuff just really out of pocket stuff when it comes to
kind of, uh, whistleblowers and so forth.
That would be, uh, let's see.
Hillary wanted disclosure, but Obama got out of the way to comment on UFOs and was making a Betty.
That is weird that, uh, that Obama is now producing a Betty and Barney Hill documentary.
I haven't heard any update on that.
If you, I first met Greer in the nineties in Pensacola, Florida at Sacred Heart Hospital.
He, he was a trauma surgeon at, uh, at Sacred Heart, right?
I think that's where he was.
Now the Illuminati in contact with the bad end at H.I.
And the ones being shot down are the good guys.
I don't know.
Of course I've heard of interfactionality of NHIs and ETs, but I'm not sure to which, to what extent that goes.
And of course you listened to David Grush talk about agreements with NHI.
I'm not sure, uh, what agreements have been made with whom.
Police chiefs across the U.S. have issued the first official.
That's very interesting.
Ross Colard posted that last week providing law enforcement, uh, enforcement officers with instructions on how to report and respond.
Yes, that's great.
I'll link that in the discord because that's a, that's a really good document.
But from what I hear right when presidents are disproportionately briefed as there's a strong presence of fascist and or religious fundamentalists such as Collins Leighton, the program.
I've heard that too.
Especially of interest being briefed who I think is a little overlooked is Lyndon B. Johnson.
I'll give you guys a little tasty treat right here.
Um, Lyndon B. Johnson, you guys remember my video on Dr. Robert Sarbacher, who talked about Dr. Eric Walker being involved in UFO crash retrieval since the early 1950s with Vannevar Bush.
Robert Sarbacher also self admitted that he was part of UAP, uh, collection efforts as well as knew what the majestic 12 was as well as said he was himself present at the Kecksburg UFO crash in 1965.
Well, Dr. Eric Walker and Lyndon B. Johnson had a very close correspondence where they would say send each other very personal letters.
So that's really interesting to see a link between those two.
Uh, what do I think of the eye?
I saw the image, but I never investigated further.
Uh, maybe I will sometime, but there was just so much, uh, so much, there's just always so much going on so many cases to look at.
Uh, Edgar Mitchell spoke about this.
Edgar Mitchell and, uh, uh, Gordon Cooper.
Very interesting guys.
What's up awakening to reality?
How you doing, bro?
How you doing?
Loud and clear.
Okay.
I think this is when I just got back.
If the feds got me, I'll go kicking and screaming, man.
I'll go kicking and screaming.
Hey, Jorgen, thank you for the 119 Norwegian Krona.
How far back do you believe IC has investigated infiltrated the phenomena?
An example did O and I cover the Aurora incident.
That's a great question.
I'd say at least 1933.
Um, the Aurora incident, I think is a case that really warrants a lot of investigation, especially due to some of the circumstantial, not really evidence, but, uh, circumstantial details of the case being really interesting, such as.
The idea that some of the craft parts were thrown down a well, which poisoned local residents and so forth.
Possibly before then, but I think maybe the earliest we could go is maybe 1897 with the Aurora incident.
But thank you again, man.
I really appreciate that.
What do you think about the UAP tether incident?
I knew you did a video on fast workers, but I don't remember if you covered that incident.
I don't think I did cover that incident.
Now I would actually like to cover the UAP tether incident.
Doing yourself a disservice by, uh, contact experiences, maybe look at the content of the experience for you right off as.
Okay.
I think you might be talking to somebody else.
I, because I, I'm just not, not acknowledgeable.
Awaken into reality.
Thank you so much for the 899, uh, New Zealand dollars.
Thank you very much.
I really appreciate that, man.
The Eiger 1992 alien video is fake.
Tristan, I will have to, I absolutely have to watch that.
I think Democrat leaders are cock blocked from being briefed on the UFO compared to GOP since they may have balls.
Honestly, to further disclose if they get too much information, they're risky.
That could be a valid point.
I like that hypothesis.
Interesting research done at Imperial College in London where different DMTs were used to map out the space.
Oh, that is interesting to map out like a, uh, basically create a map of the space.
Hey, uh, I got, let me, let me go off on a quick tangent here, guys.
Cause I probably won't get to this question about five minutes for any of my gamers in the chat.
Have any of you guys played the new war hammer space marines two game?
I know I'll get to those questions in about five minutes, but I would like to read if anybody has, has read them.
Uh, Von Rennen camp.
That's it.
He just appeared on a Ross Colt part and yes, I, I can't pronounce stuff.
I, I just can't.
Did you watch Tom Begert and psychotronics lecture on how to achieve anti-gravity free energy?
No, I have not yet.
I still need to, I have been consumed with the case I'm working on right now.
And that is because it is a 23 page script.
So it took me a heck of a long time.
Who are the world's best known living intellectual living intellectuals and public speakers?
Where are their comments on the phenomenon?
Uh, good question.
We could go with guys like Sir Roger Penrose and so forth.
Some best known living intellectuals.
I don't think a lot of them have really, uh, spoken on, on the phenomenon.
John Doe.
What's going on, brother?
Do you believe the skinny Bob alien video?
I try and stay away from that until there's, uh, a lot of the topics that have just kind
of an endless debate.
I try and stay away from just because if my research, if not a lot of research has been
advanced on something and maybe my research is just going to get caught in the same loop.
Um, I might just kind of wait a little bit until I have something, some actionable information
to pursue on, on stuff.
And I do not on skinny Bob right now.
As a youngster, I loved watching the dang video.
I'll tell you that much.
America is afraid of the phenomenon is communist Nazi, but they're becoming what they sought
to destroy.
It's 40 chairs.
Absolutely in the cold war and so forth.
We absolutely were.
Absolutely.
It goes all the way back to, uh, project paperclip and Alan Dole's.
Yes.
Alan Dole is in, uh, the 1933 magenta crash.
The door's old boys.
Claudio, thank you so much for the 499.
My apologies.
Donation for going off topic about internships and chat.
Keep it up.
You and Jesse Michaels be such a good convo.
No problem, man.
This chat's open to anybody.
We're not going to restrict anything.
Anybody says, but I really appreciate that.
Thank you very much.
Twist UAP Leonard Stringfield was one of the best UFO crash researchers.
If true, his info is mind blowing.
I'd like to take a second and I know I say this in every single video.
And in my upcoming video, I will talk about Stringfield at length, but Stringfield is the
best of the best.
The UFO crash retrievals parts one through seven are sublime.
That is what I will stand by as the best ever work done on the subject in terms of crash
retrievals.
It is phenomenal sublime.
Leonard Stringfield is the best.
One of my personal dreams is to be able to access his personal records at Mufon Cincinnati,
sit with a, with a cold brew for 12 hours and read every single note he ever took.
The tether video is wild.
Yes.
The Cabal's goal is full spectrum of dominance as they say in official documents to achieve
that they need the whole world to unite around fear.
Perfect way to do that is through a fake ET invasion, or as David Gresh would say, a
feudalistic dominance.
And, and I agree.
I'm still, I still have my problems with, with paper clip or the, I'm sorry, the idea
of project blue beam and so forth, but I do understand that point.
I do think the, I think the unbearable truth of the phenomenon might be that there's an
afterlife for everyone and the unbearable part is where the world collapses due to people
self-checking out.
I think that was explored in a movie, right?
With Jason Seagal.
I don't think it was very good, but I think that concept was explored.
What would people do if they learned they had an afterlife?
That's an interesting idea.
Oh, no, no worries with a, no worries with spam.
Mrs. Floyd, thank you very much.
Yes.
There's a lot of Norwegians here.
Somebody even recognized the front line shirt, which is great.
The Danny Cheehan interview on Jesse Michaels American Alchemy show is amazing.
If anyone hasn't watched it, you watch, watch anything by Jesse Michaels.
Jesse Michaels is amazing and he has some really cool projects and the work that I think
you guys are really going to like.
Jesse Michaels is the real deal.
Have I played No Man's Sky?
One of the best, if not the best space games out there.
Yeah.
I've played, I've played, I've done like four different playthroughs of it.
I love it.
There's nothing like having a nice crisp diet cola night and just flying through on your
new S-class ship.
I love it.
Best thing I ate in Japan, that would probably have to be, um, yukatsu.
Yukatsu steak where you have steak cooked lightly, lightly fried on the outside with,
um, cooked to a rare medium rare and you're given like a hot plate basically to sear it
how you want yourself to then dip it in the various sauces.
It was sublime.
One of the best things I've ever eaten.
I feel like right wing presidents would be far more likely to disclose.
Conservatives are way, way more wary of big government and government outreach.
I agree, but do presidents have the ability to disclose?
Penrose is the goat.
Absolutely.
Physics goat.
SDS, 114 UFO video in space is weird.
It makes a U-turn.
One of the weirdest space.
Yeah.
I think I put that in the fast walker video.
It's a very strange, strange video.
If we created simulated realities like video games, why wouldn't the beans above us not do
the same?
I agree.
Sorry.
You get a sip of water.
Yeah.
I agree.
I think, um, I can't remember what podcast it was, but there's a man who did a podcast
on simulation theory.
And one of those was with the ability to simulate.
There will be an endless amount of simulations.
And we thus have a greater probability of being one of said simulations.
But by whom?
I don't know.
David of Salem.
My contact experience was a possible one.
They seemed to take it back that I could see them as I was.
It was like we abducted each other rather than mine.
I think I've heard that in some abduction cases of, of beans almost being surprised that they
were, they have been noticed.
Cheers from Norway.
Cheers to you.
I hope to be back to, to Norway soon, man.
I love that some Norwegians watch, watch this channel.
It's, um, thoughts on the tall whites.
The tall whites are interesting.
Um, of course, with many gray sightings of abductees and so forth, there's a lot of the
time like a tall white, as some people say, like venusians, mantis type beans alongside
the, the gray, the drones.
I don't know what to think because abductions isn't really my bread and butter.
I still am just trying to investigate what the heck are some of the bodies that are discovered
at some of the crash sites.
Phil Snyder, we talked about this before.
Some of his claims are, are very interesting.
They're very big too.
His claims are very big.
And, uh, in terms of getting into a firefight underground with NHI where soldiers were basically
turned to goop, uh, alongside him.
But I have, I'm, I'm probably would start with researching his death if I do, if I do some
research into him.
The skinny Bob looks like CGI to me, but I want to believe that one.
It does.
It looks a little buttery.
It looks a little buttery.
Hey, dude, I hope the Browns lose because the bangles got beat by one of the worst teams
in the NFL today.
And I'm very upset.
We're skyfire, skyfire news.
I'm not quite sure.
I am not quite sure.
Matilda O'Donnell Roswell interview mentioned a gray, didn't know English till I read the
book that night and they were, uh, over the White House.
Yeah.
And what they, what were they over the White House?
Um, a lot of Roswell witnesses, including the, um, including the photographer at Roswell
mentioned grays.
They are forced for peace and nuclear disarmament.
They try and promote a message of peace.
They could have various effects on electronics on off.
Yeah.
Kevin Knuth at his soul foundation, uh, did a lot of interesting talk about this with
electric fields and magnetic fields of UAP and they're interacting with technology and
so forth.
Okay.
Sorry.
Project blue beam is disinformation.
I tend to lead towards this too.
It was made up by Dottie.
I didn't know that.
Um, I blue beam, at least in my experience has been used by people I know who want to
discount, um, UFOs.
And I know in that comment, I said, like, I could understand, uh, the utilizing of a
invasion for fear, but I still think that that is mainly based off of Reagan's Reagan
speech and, uh, disinformation.
If skinny Bob is faked is incredibly well done.
When I met them, they looked just like that.
Interesting.
Convincing for so long.
That's a good point.
It could only be, uh, it could only be for convincing as long as the holograms could, could
stay up in the, in the air.
Um, maybe, uh, the weird after effects on skinny Bob.
I've heard of those.
It was any Jacobson that said the Roswell crash was rushing towards and Dottie to an
unacknowledged of Greer.
But I think, uh, uh, any Jacobson said that recently on her Sean Ryan appearance, I think
it was, and she was on, uh, Jerry, Jonathan Reed footage.
Uh, listen, I heard of Jonathan Reed a long time ago on mysterious universe.
If you guys know, uh, that podcast, it's great.
And his story was, I think a lot of, I almost posited.
This is Jonathan Reed story because of the NHI body.
Jonathan Reed claims to have a, somebody correct me if I'm wrong, because if I am, I'll retract
my statement right away.
But Jonathan Reed claims to have slain a, uh, a, a creature that, that creature he has
photographed with a samurai sword.
I believe that's what he said and then put it on nice.
Uh, and also the photos of the wedge shaped craft are very weirdly proportioned, very
weirdly proportioned.
Uh, so many good videos ruined with crap editing.
Yeah.
I tend to agree.
I tend to agree.
I held Roswell foil to it heats when flame took the same as cutting metal holding the
hand.
You held Roswell material.
I would like to hear, I would like to hear more about that.
What's the best thing I ate at a gas station in Norway and did you get it?
Or what's the best thing you ate in Norway and did you eat at a gas station for all my
Norwegians out there?
You will know what a hot dog on Lumpa is.
And that's like a Norwegian bread tortilla that gas stations, but hot dogs on it.
And then they're so good.
They're amazing.
They are amazing.
Also wanted to tell you about two picks of alleged dead aliens I saw.
They reminded me of one from EBEs described in the MJ 12 manual, the non gray ones will
send them on discord.
I would love to, I would excuse me.
I would love to see that please.
Did you see the video of the UFO in orbit that gets shot up by some weapon?
Yeah.
Like the kind of like light beam.
Yes, I have seen that.
And I don't know what to make of it because I haven't spent too much time looking at it.
I think it was, it was in not lost century.
Was it in unacknowledged?
Take a look at UAP Gerb's eyes.
He is a Pleiadian alien.
That'd be cool, man.
I wish I was.
If I was, I'd be the first to tell you, but I am just a human.
I would like to see the original skinny Bob video.
I wonder where that has obviously been cropped down.
I would like to as well, but it with a, with those videos, this just, at least for me,
I couldn't come to a conclusion.
So it'd be difficult for me to engage thoughts on the tall whites.
Very interesting to me.
I'm still trying to start out what the heck kind of the graves or the small creatures,
the EBE type ones and twos are.
And then we will get to the kind of description of the mantis type beings or the tall, tall
graves or venusians and so forth.
The problem with new wave of UFO experts is they don't understand the science of free
energy, anti-gravity.
They could easily be deceived.
Any saucer that attacks us would be considered ET.
I do agree that a lot of new wave UFO folks don't necessarily understand the physics
behind UAP and kind of ARV.
I certainly don't.
I'll be the first to admit that physics is never, never my strong suit.
The book identifies companies and crafts still secret.
Bob Dean had the book in foil 1988 England.
I think the whole bad abduction versus good abduction experience is similar to having good
versus bad trips on psychedelics.
That's an, that is an interesting point.
I believe most abductions in beds are most likely sleep paralysis.
I have heard this too.
Again, I like, I don't want to discount anyone's abduction experience.
So I don't know what the heck to think, but they very well could be sleep paralysis.
Las Vegas alien video.
I don't think anything ever came of that.
Right.
I think Steven Dean or Steven donor on Twitter said he had was interviewing the person who
took that footage.
Right.
But I don't think anything ever came of that.
If I'm, if I'm remembering correctly, I stayed far away from that in the Miami mall stuff.
Um, just wasn't not, not the sort of case I, I'd be investigating world of the world's
movie is similar to the event where people were attacked and have blood drawn.
Yeah.
The world of the world's the Tom Cruise version that came out in 2005 scared the crap out of
me as a little kid that scared me so bad.
What's the best publicly available UFO video you've seen?
Um, that's a tough one just because I've kind of moved so far away from videos.
I'd say right now it's probably the video of the, the triangle I always post.
I can't remember exactly where that video was taken, but late at night triangle with
three points of light on each vertex with one red light in the middle.
I think that's a fantastic video.
Fantastic.
The whole invasion.
Yeah.
I agree with this.
I've said this before that the only, uh, blue beam claims are to point to, uh, to Reagan
speech when he addressed the UN and said, I can't think of how quickly, uh, the world
would come together with the threat of an alien invasion.
Yeah.
Okay.
So this is with, uh, Jonathan Reed and the samurai sword.
Yeah.
That's been conveniently left out with a read story of a wedge kind of coming back and
being popular with, with loose book in the description of the wedge shaped craft.
He did say he sl, he slayed the, the creature with a samurai sword.
Reply to abduction comment.
You can go on board the craft by a telepathic mind link via unseen plane of existence out
of body consciousness.
The same way ETs talk to people telepathically with the utilization of P three assets.
I wouldn't be surprised.
He used a big branch.
Ah, okay.
Maybe I was wrong about the sword, but he still slayed it with a club.
Still slayed it with a club.
Do I think I would look at some of John max abduction cases?
Absolutely.
I'd like to tackle the abduction phenomena.
It's just, there's so much to do.
So I really need to make sure we get in at a good time to, to focus fully on the abduction
phenomena.
The read teleportation video is whack, big whack.
Yeah.
I've seen it and I'll watch it again and I'll keep watching it, but there's a little whack.
Project blue beam was not made by Dodie and disinfo usaps won't just use holograms.
They'll use ARVs PLC.
I think, yeah, this is, this is what a career would state, right?
Especially with, with this TE or ET, I can't quite remember and the fake, the PLF abduction
he occurred when he left the Nellis retrieval team.
Chevrolet being locking Martin naps built a cannabis and blue book wonder if Hitler had
them before the reverse engineering.
I don't know.
I had a, a good friend asked me earlier about a kind of Nazis and UAP reverse engineering.
And besides hunt for his zero point and the stories of deep lock, I really haven't spent
too much time, too much time researching.
Well, Grush's op-ed come out this year.
I truly hope so.
I truly hope so.
Will it be, is it still stuck in Dobser?
I'm not quite sure.
Now Grush is definitely not, not being lazy.
I definitely think he is doing a lot of work behind the scenes, but I truly hope so.
If the teleportation video didn't exist, the alien body would have to be significantly
more credible.
Unfortunately, dude decided to write a weird hype train to nowhere.
Yes.
Have you seen the Sentinel Arizona footage recorded by Nick Williams?
I don't think so, but I would like to see that.
That was a ET UFO being shot with scalar waves and EM system weapons.
That's the situation for almost a century.
Yes.
I have, I have heard that as well.
And I'm, I'm coming to start to really, really seriously research that topic of, of scalar
weapons and kind of what Greer sets about targeting craft.
Plasma propulsion, MHD plasma.
If I'm being correct, I think Oak Shannon has some notes on this that operate in like
the 3.5 gigahertz range, creates a cloud, which they use as camouflage and to cool down
the craft.
Now what I have heard is that early types of ARVs used MHD Plasma Stopper Pulsion when
later configurations have used actual like anti-gravity techniques.
Do I have anything to back that up or any evidence or research that?
No, but I've heard that before.
MH370, I think we'll probably stay away from, from MH370 on the channel.
I think it's just a, it's very toxic, toxic subject at the moment.
Oh yeah.
Reed stated his dog was turned to ash.
That also reminds me of the 1950s Maori incident where I think a saucer discharged material.
I can't remember if that case was labeled as a hoax or not or found to be, but where
material allegedly hit a dog.
Any update on Jesse, you and Jesse Michaels collaborating.
I will be meeting Jesse tomorrow or Tuesday.
I'm not quite sure which day yet and I will have an update then.
What about the phenomena?
Would you like to research the most aside from UAP, psionics, remote viewing?
So that's tough because crash retrieval and reverse engineering are what I like the most.
At this point, I'd probably like to go down and I'll say, I'll throw in ARVs.
I can't throw ARVs in there as well because I want to research that.
And I'll, I'll take, I want to research dumps, deep underground military bases.
Oh, that green footage, but that footage is really cool too with the triangle scene
from almost kind of height level.
Yeah, that's a great, that's a, that's like a great video.
But you remember, there's like a ball of light in the middle that I think expands.
And like, I think I'm, I think that's the video you're talking about.
Let me know if, let me know if I'm right here.
I could be wrong, but I think that's the video you're talking about, the green one.
Trying to get my GF into the subject and watch the first minute black last night had some interesting themes in it.
The first minute black is a fantastic film.
I really want to rewatch that with the lady.
It's a fantastic film.
And guys, I'll get through these questions maybe in about 10 minutes.
I'll have to hop off, but we'll get through all of these.
I promise meeting Bob Dean and after holding Roswell foil and saw pages of a few pages of blue.
But remember who has gone for 20 years.
The foil stretches like a razor.
I cut myself.
I don't remember that.
Now I'd like to hear how, how did you get your hands on, on, on said foil?
And what have there been research done on this specific, specific piece you held?
What's up, Zach?
How you doing rewatch?
Yes.
I highly recommend starting from beginning right now.
We're just chatting answering questions, but earlier we, we went through the entire gray or talk today.
I bought the pay-per-view.
So you didn't have to.
And we kind of, I took screenshots of every single PowerPoint slide and we went through the whole dang thing.
The whole thing.
Have you watched the recent weaponized with Corbel?
They discussed an event in 2000 where people were attacked by UFOs that took blood from them and shine beams.
That's not the color.
That's not the Brazil instead.
Right.
I haven't listened to weaponized in a while, but I would like to listen to that.
That's Brazil.
Correct.
Yeah.
I haven't, I don't think since the start of the year I've listened and listened to weaponized.
Oh, the turkey video.
Yeah.
With Chris Leto back in the day, did a great video actually like identifying the angle at
which this video was recorded, the position where it was recorded.
I highly recommend checking that out.
It's an old Chris Leto video.
I think from early 2023 mid 2023, it's fantastic.
Are they among us like big low suggests?
Quite possibly.
Do I have any research or evidence to back that up or have an informed opinion?
No.
Do not do a video on the clock.
I'd like to, of course it, uh, the clock.
There's a lot of relation to the Kecksburg case in terms of general design.
I'm still trying to decide if I'm going to include that in the Kecksburg case or make
a video on its own about the Glock.
We met photons and radiation, uh, probably into the stratosphere.
Craft would redirect the brain waves.
Possibly.
Sentinel footage.
Um, Chloris Brazil.
Yeah.
Okay.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
I was thinking the same thing, the Chloris Brazil incident.
And I think that, uh, I got popular again because Lou spoke about it in his book.
Right.
Um, was it Lou?
I believe so.
It's a great movie.
MIB one, especially when the face opens and the little alien is revealed.
Yeah.
That's a classic.
The tiny little alien MIB ones.
Great.
It scared me really bad when I was a child though.
Jacques Valet and forbidden science for, um, has secured a document confirming the CIA
performed fake alien abductions in Argentina and Brazil for psychological work.
I would really like to see this document if you have that.
I've, I've never seen it.
Um, I'll put the discord link in here again.
I know I'll put it twice, but I would actually really like to read that document.
Please.
If you have it on hand, otherwise I have a copy of forbidden science for it.
I'll just find it.
They must see in UV light reaction times more like it.
Let's see.
They're seen.
Let's see.
What are the consequences of the Collins elite are correct in their findings and the phenomenon
is largely your entirely demonic.
The consequences of that are just awful.
That means we, uh, that mean, I don't even want to face the, the, the consequences of
the UAP phenomenon being a demonic.
That is almost too terrifying for a man like myself to think about, but very, very bad consequences.
If that's the truth, David favor said that he was part of a big upcoming UFO documentary,
not James Fox's.
I have heard that supposedly coming out soon.
And he said it was very interesting.
There was some podcasts with Ryan graves.
I heard that as well.
There's also a Bob Lazar documentary coming out.
Of course the program with James Fox is coming out.
I think everybody in their grandmother is looking forward to that one and Jesse Michaels saw
it.
So if Jesse Michaels can give me any deets, I can share with you guys, I absolutely will.
Maybe an ongoing YouTube playlist of the best craft videos people have ever captured would
be a cool thing.
That would be cool.
Yeah.
Actually, cause I know I include a lot of craft sightings as B role, but like a full video
would be great.
I've seen a triangle UAP it's he man made.
What signified that I would actually like to hear that.
Do I watch UAP content or only research it for YouTube?
I do not really watch.
Here's the thing.
I don't watch UAP content because I'm always reading a UAP book.
Every second of every night and day doing the UAP book or just taking a endless amount
of notes on on a sightings or projects I'm working on.
So it's I need a little bit of a break at that time.
So I don't consume too much UAP content.
I'll I'll watch YouTube for for dumb stuff like maybe some games or stuff like that.
I was at my friend's house after school and Bob Dean was a friend of his.
Wow.
That's incredible.
That's very cool.
Yo, what up JC?
What up, dude?
There are metamaterials which go through plasma excitation become room temp semiconductors
on a quantum scale and defy gravity.
I'll join discord and send some links.
Please do.
I'd like to learn more.
If you can help teach me.
Absolutely.
Please.
I'd like to learn and if you're willing to help please William.
What's up, dude?
You made my day for showing up.
Thanks, man.
Christian Morales.
You missed quite a bit.
I would highly recommend going back to the very beginning of the video because for the
first hour and 20 minutes we talked solely about Greer's presentation today in London.
I took screenshots of everything and we discussed everything in it.
So there's a lot there to look at.
Gryffindor Beatles.
There's one of it doing 900 miles and our people might be real sciences.
Interesting.
Cows would call us demonic, right?
Probably.
Yes.
Why do you think Lula as honest as Big Lowe is an American hero when it seems to me he
is doing the exact same thing as the legacy program.
Specifically he takes in all the info and uses it for wealth.
Yeah, that's true, especially with Kona Blue.
Who knows if Big Lowe Aerospace was actually going to share the materials it was supposed
to receive from Lockheed Martin.
I don't know why.
Some of the stuff with the TTSA crew is a little strange to me, especially Big Lowe Aerospace.
You guys know how Greer gets shepherded by Rand Pandolfi?
I do not and I would like to hear.
Have you ever considered seismic data to quantify triangulate known crash sites?
I have your research, Mr. Floyd, but I have not gone through that yet, but I think that's
a very good route to go down.
I know the current case I'm working on, Kecksburg, has recorded seismic data.
I don't have the actual data, but it was referenced in the Blue Book report on the case.
So I actually think that's very worthwhile.
That's a great research avenue.
Project Gravitar should be entertaining, aesthetically pleasing if nothing else.
This is the Badozzar documentary with a full VR recreation of the sports model to explore
digitally, which is awesome.
That's going to be really cool.
At what age did you get hooked on the UFO topic and why, since I could read?
I've said this a lot, but ever since I was able to read, I had some UFO sightings books
specifically mentioned of Betty and Barney Hill.
I remember reading about that case from a very young age, and I've just always been incredibly
fascinated with the phenomenon.
Okay, we'll get through these and then in a couple of minutes we'll hit the road gang,
headed to the weird desk after Kit Green, Pandolfi is dangerous and has imitated and
scared a lot of people.
He shepherds Greer because Greer is so controversial, it helps the gatekeepers.
Interesting.
I'll have to do some more research on that, absolutely.
One thing that stumps me about the whole triangle being man-made Arabies, why TF are they flying
them at Low Altitude or Highway so everyone can see it makes no sense?
Yes, that's actually a great question.
So many people who talk about having triangle sightings talk about these being observed
over such low altitudes, hundreds of feet.
In the interest of not wanting to be seen, that seems very strange.
It's also strange how triangular sightings don't really pop up until the 1950s.
Bob Lazar said the sports model is a Hanoubi MK4, the fastest craft, Lazar don't say Hanoubi.
I didn't know that.
What do you think of the new Aero director?
I know he's in league with Jay Stratton.
I know he also made some rather silly comments on LinkedIn as his first act of Aero director.
With Aero, we're not going to get anything different.
It's going to be more of the same, probably.
Gerb said that if the Trump wins, he will release good picks of UFOs.
I know he said that, but is he going to be able to declassify them?
Chris Mellon, David Grosh, Lousano have all talked about 4K UFO footage presumably taken
from the NRO that is classified and will not be released.
I definitely take that with a grain of salt, but I would love that.
Will I ever make a video about the UFO in your profile picture?
Yes, the Wisconsin, the Wisconsin Saucer sightings?
Yes, I would.
That's probably the one photo set I'd make a video on, just because it's so fascinating.
Big Lowe seems like he hardly cares about disclosure, he has a ton of info, but doesn't
care to reveal what it is.
I agree.
He seems to be more just doing consciousness after death studies and more passion projects.
He doesn't seem well vested in disclosure.
Magic Book was MI5 and MI6.IF.
Does everything go to Royal Air Force bases too?
I don't know.
That's actually a good question.
Besides the witness we talked about in Greer's stuff earlier, BK, I'm actually not familiar
with any UK bases that might be a place in which crash retrievals, biologics maybe, store
it.
I got hooked on the UFO subject when I seen three UFOs flying doing strange maneuvers
in Lithuania in the early 2000s.
Love the content, keep it up.
Thank you, man.
Thank you very much.
Three UFOs doing strange maneuvers.
What kind of maneuvers?
That sounds fascinating.
Opinions on Green Street.
We talked about this earlier, and I think I probably talk about this every episode.
I think he has some sort of Department of Defense Pentagon ties.
He also seems like a guy who got burned that is trying to take revenge on UFO players.
There's something to be said about the fact he includes the phrase spooky alien space monsters
and 8 out of 10 tweets he does.
I'm not the biggest fan of Green Street.
Before 2017, Greer used to always say that one day they'll do a fake disclosure.
They'll start saying UFOs are a threat happening in 2017, happening now in another coincidence.
This probably parallels with the fact that Greer has a huge beef with Lou, which we talked
about a little bit earlier, but yeah, those are probably direct connections.
Tier 3B triangular, but around Hanubi would glow triangle balls with a cube to steer magnets.
Interesting, cube, sort of like the cube within a sphere like Greer speaks about.
A president has no power to bring disclosure because of the Atomic Energy Act.
The app trans classified as foreign nuclear materials, and there's an Obama classification.
I can't remember what classification.
Executive order, I can't remember what it was called.
I'll post it in the Discord, but that there's a mandatory aversion to declassification
with anything dealing with non-human technologies, which could reference NHI or AI or both.
Bigelow isn't about disclosure, but he's seen some disturbing stuff.
Man, his wife was allegedly killed to the hitchhiker effect.
Interesting, I have not pursued his wife's death.
That is really interesting.
Yeah, the same.
I had no idea.
I've seen the moon disappear and pop up in a different place.
That is interesting.
Here's the link.
Okay, thank you.
I'll check that out, my man.
My step-granddad posted Magic 12 to MJ12 in the 90s, but book was all black inked.
So your granddad had in hands a Magic 12 book, but that was heavily redacted.
That is interesting.
I would like to hear more.
You should check out Soccer 96.
They're super into the topic and have a track with Salami Rose.
Absolutely, that sounds great.
Anybody I can look into more.
Guys, at this point, we will take some time to sign off.
We've been doing this for about two and a half hours.
Like I said, we'll be doing a stream of just about every Sunday, maybe every Monday.
Whenever there's a big event like this, Greer stuff, I will always kind of use the
live to cover it, do that for a video for a live instead of just kind of research
because I like my videos to be huge research projects.
And with that, guys, yeah, with that big low statement about his wife, if anybody's
in the Discord, we'll continue to talk about it there.
With that, guys, I want to say I really appreciate the support on the channel.
Thank you guys so much for showing up, watching this to our live stream.
I know Kai, I know something or someone have kind of been here since the very start.
So I really appreciate everyone being here and expect a new video this week.
I'm hoping to get it done.
I was hoping to get it done today, but it might be Wednesday.
We get it out just because it got some stuff going on with Jesse.
It's going to be a bit of a busy week.
So we'll get that video out and then some some other stuff in the work.
Thank you guys all so much for showing up to the stream and I will catch everybody later.
All right, see you guys.
