The propulsion of these UFOs is unique,
their ability to hover,
their ability to accelerate very rapidly,
their ability to move at very high speeds,
very much higher than anything that we have achieved,
even with our supersonic aircraft.
All of these things, and particularly interestingly,
without sonic booms and the things that we don't
like about our supersonic aircraft,
all of these things indicate a type of propulsion,
which is unique.
Different than anything we know anything about,
and which would be a tremendous value
if we could develop it and use it.
That's the reason I feel with a number of others
who have studied it, that it is a subject
which deserves the highest type of scientific study
and at an early date.
The advantages to be gained are perfectly enormous.
And how long do you feel it will be
before we are flying in UFOs?
Well, this probably is a $64 question
without a question without.
I think it depends, a great deal,
on how rapidly we take them seriously
and how soon we really set up
a scientific study team to work on the subject.
This is where we push the laws of physics.
You see, the technology we make
is what makes the impossible possible.
And it doesn't stop there.
So far on this channel,
we have devoted entire investigations
towards Battelle Memorial Institute
and their possible work on shape memory alloys
recovered from the 1947 Roswell, New Mexico crash,
as well as Lockheed Martin
and their intimate decades long involvement
in UFO legacy programs.
After all, high profile US defense contractors
have for decades been accused of actively engaging
in material exploitation
and reverse engineering programs,
focused on technologies of unknown origin
in conjunction with various factions
within US government intelligence and military.
Overall, you know, the government
has been the custodian of a lot of this, right?
And they'll hand recede it out
to a clear defense contractor to do some analysis,
which I find highly unethical.
You have basically a sole source arrangement
and you allow certain private corporate elements
to look at this, develop a potential insight
and then sell it back to the government for profit.
And I think that's totally unethical.
Lockheed Martin and others do quite a bit of work,
both in our atmosphere, in space, and even underwater.
There are certain efforts to...
It's a tough question you ask.
I left the Air Force and was sent out to California
at that time to begin establishing my cover basis
as an independent contractor
so that I can serve what was coming down the line next for me.
And that is the path which led to the UAP subject.
These claims are not without merit
as since the inception
of the US military industrial complex,
private defense industry has worked in tandem
with military and intelligence
to bolster US military might
protected by waived, unacknowledged special access programs.
I have directly accused Lockheed Martin,
Patel, Boeing, SAIC, and many other private institutions
and semi-private institutions,
such as UARCs and FFRDCs possessing, experimenting with
and possibly successfully harnessing
non-human technologies.
Today, we focus our sights towards the US Aerospace
and Defense Colossus and father of the B-2 stealth bomber,
Northrop Grumman, often overshadowed
by the infamy of Lockheed
and their involvement in the 2008 failed attempt
to divest recovered NHI materials to the OSAP program.
Northrop Grumman has largely successfully distanced itself
from the spotlight of defense contractors
engaging with UAP legacy programs.
In fact, focused discussion
on the alien reproduction vehicle, Fluxliner,
as relayed by Brad Sorensen
and the TR-3B reverse engineered triangle
discussed by USAF Master Sergeant Edgar Fouchet
seemed to primarily focus on Lockheed.
These testimonies highlight the defense contractor
successfully reverse engineering non-human craft
to operate under human control.
But throughout such disclosures,
Lockheed isn't the sole contractor accused
of such highly classified efforts.
Hardly mentioned, but always alongside in the shadows
is Northrop Grumman.
Could Northrop Grumman truly be involved
in material exploitation of technologies
of unknown origin, TUOs?
Just how far does their involvement with UFO studies go?
Join me today as we peer into the shadows to find out.
Hey guys, it's UAP Gerb
and thank you so much for joining me
as we touch back to UFOs in the private sector.
This time to Northrop Grumman.
The contractor I believe alongside Lockheed
is the Paramount Aerospace Corporation
entrenched in UFO legacy programs.
From whistleblower testimony to analysis
of Northrop's numerous acquisitions over the decades,
let's thoroughly dive into the legendary Northrop Grumman
and their involvement in UFO legacy programs.
Let's start by analyzing the history of Northrop
and its many, many, many acquisitions over the decades.
Northrop Grumman is an American aerospace
and defense company employing over 95,000 employees
with an annual revenue of $30 billion.
The industry giant has achieved extraordinary engineering
feat such as aiding in the development
of the James Webb Space Telescope
and directly creating the B-2 Spirit Bomber and B-21 Raider,
the world's only known stealth bombers.
Northrop Grumman operates in four major divisions,
aeronautics, defense, space and mission systems,
outside of military aircraft,
space systems and weapon development.
Northrop also engages in cyber security,
information technology and radar and sensor systems.
Briefly, I do take an extreme interest
in Northrop's C-4 ISR, Command Control,
Communications, Computers, Intelligence,
Surveillance and Reconnaissance,
which falls under Northrop's land-based
critical technology services,
sustainment and modernization.
C-4 ISR is essentially the military's nervous system
consisting of various electronic equipment and technologies
serving to aid the modern warfighter
through data and intelligence.
I am currently working on a thesis
that select contractor C-4 ISR programs
engage in deep-six waved USAPs for crash retrieval
and ARV testing, data and analysis, let me explain.
Northrop was one of the premier contractors
operating C-4 ISR for the Strategic Defense Initiative
instituted under Reagan in 1983.
Northrop created the first laser radar
used in space for SDI.
I have discussed numerous times lines of research
which state SDI focused on Soviet ICBM nuclear defense,
secretly studied and employed offensive capabilities
against UAP and siphoned program funds
to UAP legacy programs such as the DARS,
Defense Advanced Research Center,
proposed to exist in an ARPA document.
SAIC, Science Applications International Corporation,
frequently secures massive hundreds of million dollar
contracts for C-4 ISR
at the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane.
I have published extensive research,
SAIC runs an off-world technologies division
to house recovered NHI artifacts at the Crane Naval location.
When discussing witness Ed in the existence
of a joint ARV testing program
out of Edwards Air Force Base in Area 51
under the Edwards 412 test group,
I made reference to a Lockheed Martin ISR case study.
In this study, Lockheed was tasked
with updating the system used by USAF Warfare Center
for Intelligence Collection and Data Processing.
Lockheed reconfigured a two phase security classification
system used by the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency.
Yes, the same agency Grush was a part of
when liaison to the UAP task force
and the same agency recently mentioned
by respected journalist Chris Sharp
as participating in undersea UAP crash retrievals.
The system was implemented to the combined air
and space operation center at Nellis Air Force Base,
which is tasked with processing information
for exploitation of time sensitive targets.
At the time I speculated,
although this Lockheed project arose from challenges
in the Nellis Red Flag Advanced Aerial Combat Training Exercise,
could such systems be used to monitor UAP
and UAP crash retrievals?
Although C4 ISR is common
and the nervous system of the armed forces,
I do think analyzing Defense Corporation's
C4 ISR contracts and projects with USAF Army
and Navy can lead to knocking on the door
of UAP program operations.
And after that long discussion,
finally back to the history of Northrop Grumman.
NG arose from the merging of two military aircraft companies,
the Grumman Aircraft Engineering Company
and the Northrop Company in 1994.
Throughout its storied history,
Northrop made a few very key acquisitions.
We will continue to reference over and over
again throughout this project.
One such acquisition occurred in 1999
with procurement of Teledyne Ryan,
developer of surveillance systems at unmanned aircraft.
In 2002, Northrop Grumman acquired TRW Inc,
a corporation involved in aerospace, electronics
and the automotive industries.
Outside of computers, systems engineering,
integrated circuits, TRW was a true trailblazer
in spacecraft construction,
building pioneer one, 10 and numerous
space-based observatories.
The defense giant considered TRW,
its quote unquote capstone acquisition
signaling the end to Northrop Grumman's
aggressive purchasing streak.
Why was TRW considered the crown jewel
of Northrop's purchases?
While there is evidence to suggest
this was due to TRW operating a portfolio
of UAP legacy programs upon purchase.
Lengthy investigation must be done
to discover the UFO program portfolio
Northrop may have inherited from TRW.
TRW has long been associated
with a rumored crash retrieval program
run out of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
a topic even touched on by Lou Elizondo
in his book Eminent.
And let's mention that in June of 1960,
TRW spawned the Aerospace Corporation.
The Aerospace Corporation has additionally
been implicated in UFO legacy programs
and served as a place for employment
for OSAP physicist and member
of the Wilson Davis meeting Dr. Eric Davis.
I would additionally like to draw attention
to the year the Aerospace Corporation was founded in 1960
and relate this founding to the testimony
of Lieutenant Colonel Philip J. Corso.
Corso stated 1958 to 1962 oversaw
the golden age of U.S. Army R&D
where Army assets, universities, laboratories,
and private industry were leveraged
to reverse engineer non-human technology
to bolster the U.S. war machine.
Analyzing Army primers from around this time
highlight a period of massive innovation
in Army research and development.
The MITRE Corporation was born during this time in 1959
with lines of research to suggest its formation
was to engage in such research and development projects
alongside Bell Labs, Sperry Rand, et cetera.
The Aerospace Corporation founded just one year post-MITRE,
maybe one additional corporation spawned from TRW
for U.S. Army legacy operations.
And worthy to note, both MITRE and the Aerospace Corporation
are both known as FFRDCs,
federally funded research and development centers.
Present day, the Aerospace Corporation manages
the Aerospace FFRDC for the Department of Defense
and Air Force to support, quote,
national security space programs, end quote.
We are truly the only space enterprise
that exists in the United States.
And I mean this at the agency level in the government,
the FFRDCs in private industry.
There is no other organization
that does national security space, civil and commercial,
and international as well,
that ties these all together with both the breadth
and the depth that we bring to this problem.
I have spoken at length about FFRDCs,
semi-private institutions
that play a crucial hand in UAP legacy programs.
I recommend any of my previous four investigations
to hear more on the subject.
It is intriguing, Dr. Eric Davis of the Wilson Davis Memo,
all but admitted the Aerospace Corporation
built from TRW is actively involved
in UAP legacy programs.
And that up to that point,
TRW had been a primary contractor in such UFO programs.
So all this talk about private contractors,
you know, the big Lockheed Martin,
what about federally funded research and development centers,
such as MITRE, RAND, TRIAD, Oak Ridge, and UARC,
so university affiliated research centers,
where do they fall into this?
Only one, and I won't name it.
It started out as a contractor in 1960,
starting not too long after it was born.
It was actually a spinoff of TRW.
So TRW was the principal investigator for the first
roughly what, almost 30, yeah, practically, well, 29 years.
Before we keep discussing TRW,
let's highlight a former U.S. Premier Electronics Manufacturer
implicated in TUO exploitation
by Lieutenant Colonel Corsa with possible ties to MITRE
and the Aerospace Corporation,
this being the company I just mentioned above,
the Sparey RAND Corporation.
In his manuscript, Corsa would reference
the personal memoirs of Lieutenant General Arthur Trudeau,
Chief of U.S. Army R&D
and Founder of the Army's Foreign Technology Division,
and how Trudeau would engage in frequent meetings
with Sparey RAND's board,
including legendary General Douglas MacArthur.
Sparey RAND went defunct in 1986
and its former divisions became part of Lockheed Martin,
Raytheon, Honeywell, and you guessed it, Northrop Grumman,
all companies implicated in UFO legacy programs.
But let's get back to TRW.
TRW features some familiar faces of this channel
many will recognize.
Remember if you will, Dr. Eric Walker,
the scientist named by physicist Dr. Robert Sarbacher
as participating in UFO crash retrieval meetings
alongside Vannefar Bush in the 1950s.
Walker started Penn State's
University Affiliated Research Center,
self-admitted he knew about the Majestic 12
and was present at the 1965 Kecksburg, Pennsylvania UFO crash.
I have always talked about how Walker
is one of the most crucial names in UFO crash retrieval
and reverse engineering programs in the 1950s and 1960s.
Much intrigues me about Walker,
including his position as former chairman of TRW.
TRW has also been discussed at length
by respected researchers such as Richard Dolan
as the primary contractor running a crash retrieval program
under the project named Zodiac.
Project Zodiac, an MJ-12-like entity,
is not our subject today.
However, we may discuss it soon
as the story of Zodiac by pseudonym Sedge Masters
is utterly captivating.
And with TRW, we may just have a paper trail
to connect them and Northrop to legacy operations.
In 2004, former assistant secretary
of housing and urban development,
Catherine Austin Fitz, wrote a paper called
The Black Budget of the United States.
This paper stated a large portion of the nation's wealth
had ongoing leave and illegally diverted
into secret, unaccountable channels
to support clandestine military research and development.
Some to a majority of which had been suggested
to be UAP-related.
While at the HUD department,
Fitz came across information
various high-profile defense contractors accounting systems
were responsible for scrubbing and obfuscating
the direction of these funds.
Although a 1990 federal law mandated
every single U.S. government agency be audited,
the Pentagon never publicly faced a comprehensive audit
until one was launched in December of 2017.
And not to mention since,
the Pentagon has never passed an audit.
And this 2017 audit may have happened solely due
to another Catherine Austin Fitz University paper
detailing $21 trillion in unauthorized spending
in the DOD and Department of Housing
and Urban Development from 1998 to 2015.
In the Wilson Davis memo,
which I have talked about so many times,
Admiral Thomas Wilson relates to Dr. Eric Davis,
the watch committee,
the gatekeepers of the UAP legacy program portfolio,
told Wilson they are organized after an audit
in the 1990s almost blew their cover.
What this means is essentially a failed audit
led to UAP programs being reorganized
under the special access program oversight committee,
senior review group.
Here is where we circle back.
In 2003, Northrop Grumman settled a lawsuit
from the U.S. government for $111 million,
almost $200 million today.
This settlement was due to Northrop subsidiary TRW,
overcharging for government work done on space projects
in the early 1990s.
This suggests TRW's inflated space project contracts
were implicated and uncovered in the failed audit
mentioned in the Wilson Davis memo
that took place in the 1990s.
Timelines indeed match up as the beginning roots
of this lawsuit can be traced back to 1994.
TRW's likely involvement with UAP legacy
waived unacknowledged special access programs
appeared as contract overcharging
to the wider DOD auditing officials,
leading to the lawsuit against TRW
settled by Northrop, utterly fascinating.
If this hypothesis is accurate,
Northrop settled the suit and reorganized their UAP portfolio
under the SAPOX Senior Review Group program reorganization
that was relayed to Wilson.
To make Northrop's purchase of TRW even more interesting,
shortly before Northrop bought TRW in 2002,
TRW had purchased BDM, Braddock Dunn and McDonald in 1997.
BDM was a technical services firm
that headquartered at Fort Bliss, Texas,
White Sands Missile Range, New Mexico,
and Holloman Air Force Base, New Mexico.
BDM specialized in and worked primarily
with missile guidance, application optics,
electronic instrumentation, and radiation physics.
BDM was also founded in 1959,
around the same time as MITRE and the Aerospace Corporation.
BDM was mentioned specifically by Commander Will Miller
of the Wilson Davis Memo in the year 2000.
The former U.S. Navy commander
stated numerous government individuals
such as Defense Intelligence Agency directors
who in this case would have been Vice Admiral Thomas Wilson
were isolated from UAP knowledge.
The quote-unquote keepers of the secrets
resided in DOD middle management and civilian contractors
like Boeing, Lockheed, and BDM.
To learn more about Miller
and why his words carry weight,
I highly recommend watching my video
on the Wilson Davis Memo.
Sure, it's my first video and it's very amateurish,
but there's still some good information there.
BDM could warrant its own video,
but for now, I leave you with this.
Just like FFRDCs, I have talked ad nauseam
of Major General Albert Stubblebine
and how his department, U.S. Army INSCOM
and their previous Special Forces Unit,
the Intelligence Support Activity,
have been historically involved with UAP crash retrieval.
In 1984, Stubblebine was replaced as head of INSCOM
and went on to serve as vice president for BDM.
The following year in 1985,
BDM would host an advanced theoretical physics conference
to discuss UFO reverse engineering opportunities.
And actually, let's not stop there with BDM.
In 1989, NASA mission specialist Bob Eschler
was introduced to retired rear admiral Sumner Shapiro
from Bobby Ray Inman.
Inman was then board member of SAIC and Wackenhut
and former NSA director and CIA deputy director.
I have reason to believe Inman engaged with UAP programs
in each of these four positions,
but that is not our topic for today.
Shapiro told Eschler factions within the U.S.
possess extraterrestrial vehicles
and that he had even studied one at close quarters.
According to Shapiro, teams would take apart craft,
pack them up and ship them across the country
to different locations.
These craft featured unique interlocking components
that had to be dissembled in an exact sequence
to be put back together.
Rear admiral Shapiro was not only
former director of naval intelligence,
but also BDM international board member at the time, 1989.
To this day, Northrop Grumman maintains
a major corporate presence in Tyson Corner
near the former BDM headquarters.
All of this commentary on TRW, Teledyne Ryan,
which we will get to shortly in BDM,
served to highlight how Northrop Grumman
and its many acquisitions interweave intimately
with numerous cases we have covered on this channel.
If the claims of Philip J. Corso are indeed true,
Northrop's modern day legacy program operations
can likely trace its roots back to the US Army's
golden age of research and development in 1958 to 1962.
This would also mean many of Northrop Corporation
and Northrop Grumman's acquisitions
were to purchase companies that had active,
ongoing UFO legacy programs.
This sort of context is crucial to establish
before we explore whistleblower claims
of Northrop's operations in these programs.
And last thing before we continue,
many individuals think of Lockheed Skunkworks Division
when they picture UFO reverse engineering
and material exploitation programs in the private sector.
Well, in 1992, Northrop created its own
quote unquote answer to Skunkworks.
Northrop created the NATDC,
Northrop Advanced Technology and Design Center
to focus on the company's core key defense programs.
While we have already discussed many of NG's acquisitions
and their ties to UFO legacy programs
from the 1960s to 1990s,
let's back up and trace mentions
and claims surrounding specifically
the Northrop Corporation and later Northrop Grumman.
I often think back to the words of US Army Colonel
and advisor to US Army Futures Command, Carl Nell,
who once stated,
Non-human intelligence exists.
Non-human intelligence has been interacting with humanity.
This interaction is not new and it's been ongoing.
And there are unelected people in the government
that are aware of that.
And so, Carl, that is quite a bold statement.
I'm wondering and I'm curious,
how confident are you that that is true?
There's zero doubt.
Nell has served as an outspoken advocate for David Grush
and the existence of technologies of unknown origin.
One has to wonder if this absence of doubt
arose from Nell's position as Deputy CTO
and Director of Systems Engineering and Integration
for 13 years on Northrop Grumman.
After all, while serving as Northrop's Deputy CTO,
Nell was additionally serving as Command Representative
to US CENTCOM for Army Foreign Service,
US CENTCOM for Army Foreign Material Program.
Northrop's earliest contributions to legacy programs
may trace back to 1968.
MS Can and GM Andrew of Northrop Northair
published a paper on the electro aerodynamics
in supersonic flow, suggesting Northrop was researching
methods to reduce drag of an aircraft
by creating an electrostatic field around the craft.
This may remind some of T. Townsend-Brown and electro-gravidics.
In Nick Cook's excellent book, The Hunt for Zero Point,
one Dan Marcus is mentioned, a pseudonym for a source
in the British aerospace industry.
Marcus relayed to Cook that in 2002,
the Pentagon pulled the specific paper and, quote,
made it disappear, end quote.
Marcus would suggest the B-2 Spirit Bomber
applied these concepts to employ an electrostatic field
around the aircraft to reduce drag.
In fact, some UFO researchers such as Michael Schrap
and Dr. Richard Boylan take this a step further,
suggesting the B-2 employs reverse engineered
possibly electro-gravidic technology,
leading to the massive cost of the systems.
The question is, and Mark talked about this before,
is there more going on to the B-2 than meets the eye?
Aviation Week Space Technology, March 9, 1992,
had a very interesting article from people
who worked at Northrop who were very upset
that the technology associated with the B-2 program
was not being trickled down to the public industry.
They talk about how the B-2 electrically charges
the leading edge of the wing to reduce the radar cross signature.
That's what you see in this diagram right here.
And then negatively charges the exhaust gases
to reduce the infrared signature.
This is the same type of electro-gravidic technology
that T-Towns and Brown had originally proposed in the 1930s.
So this technology might date back a lot earlier
than we originally thought.
The first true mention of Northrop engaging with NHI technology
comes from the work of UFO researcher William Hamilton.
Hamilton's book, Cosmic Top Secret,
is in my opinion the most underappreciated book
in all of ufology.
It is a truly excellent piece, decades ahead of its time.
For example, the 1992 book makes the first recorded mention
of the term ARV and discussion of the Fluxliner,
which wouldn't rise to fame until Stephen Greer's
2001 disclosure project event.
Mind you, Hamilton did misquote the ARV acronym
stating Alien Replicated Vehicle instead of Alien Reproduction Vehicle.
However, my research has shown Hamilton spoke to Bill Scott
of Aviation Week in Space Technology
to discuss the Brad Sorenson Fluxliner testimony
in the early 90s.
The next time someone tries to say Stephen Greer
coined the term ARV, send them this passage.
And Hamilton actually told Greer about the 1988
Norton Air Force Base Show Fluxliner incident
and actually passed along both primary witness Sorenson
and aerospace illustrator McCandlish to Greer.
Hamilton was one of the first to draw serious research
to the Antelope Valley, California, near Edwards Air Force Base.
Hamilton drew attention to Lockheed's Gunkworks, Rockwell,
McDonnell Douglas, and Northrop, all having plants
in Palmdale, California.
The nation's then chief center of aerospace technology
in the middle of these complexes sat Air Force Plant 42,
a name many associate with UAP programs.
The author of Cosmic Top Secret does not draw attention
to the Northrop facility near Palmdale,
but instead to a secret underground installation
north in the Tujachepe Mountains.
Hamilton accuses the Northrop-Tahan Ranch Radar Cross-Section Facility
and accompanying underground installation as a UAP program facility.
Very little is known about this facility and the underground extension,
but let's see what we can dig up.
This site officially serves as a radar cross-section range.
Quickly, what exactly is a radar cross-section facility?
To summarize, these facilities utilize high-frequency radio waves
to test aircraft radar signatures.
The sites utilize large runways and pylons
raised from underground on concrete diamonds
as mounting pads to blast craft and materials with radar.
Many RCS facilities saw construction during the Cold War.
This led the majority of installations being built underground
to hide RCS pylons, equipment, models, and technologies
away from Soviet spy satellites.
In Cosmic Top Secret, William Hamilton discussed numerous statements
recounted to him, such as a 1988 sighting of a giant boomerang
over the Northrop facility and a flying saucer
seen taking off from a building on the property.
The Northrop RCS facility has recorded several anomalous sightings throughout history,
oftentimes glowing orbs seen around the facility.
According to some researchers,
the facility sees a disproportionate amount of sightings
compared to the Lockheed and McDonnell Douglas RCS facilities nearby.
And this isn't the first time I've discussed this Northrop location.
Remember back to my work on the Triangular Alien Reproduction Vehicle,
the XF-131 Super Sentinel.
Let's reference forensic artist Bill McDonald's 1992 piece,
the Tuhachibi Triangle,
in which the artist drew a reverse-engineered triangular craft
detailed to him by disgruntled engineers from Lockheed Martin and Northrop Grumman.
The engineers hailed from the Northrop RCS facility at Tehan
and Lockheed Martin-Hellendale RCS plant.
According to their testimonies,
the facilities doubled as UFO reverse engineering
and material exploitation locations.
If you have not seen this investigation,
I highly recommend watching as the XF-131 Super Sentinel
is absolutely fascinating research.
And RCS locations have actually seen much discussion in ufology.
With the contentious Steven Greer in particular,
labeling the Hellendale plant as a staging ground for electro-gravitic ARV,
and a forward operating base employing EMP weapons for ARV testing
and downing of non-human vehicles.
Now interestingly, the Senate Intelligence and Armed Services Committee
and other senior officials had no idea of this.
The top people and special forces who are outside this illegal black project system
didn't know about it.
I had known about it since the 90s,
but I'd never of course flown directly over it
because it's classified airspace and very sensitive.
So you can see what looks like a trough and a runway.
It's just where the man-made UFOs that we've been building
since the 1954-55 come out.
They go up and they hover, they're silent,
they're electro-gravitic, anti-grab.
The diamond on the left, you see that it looks like a runway with a diamond?
It's not a runway because they don't need to run and get,
there's not an aerodynamic, they just go boom up.
But they're placed over different diamonds.
I have a whole series of video and pictures of these
who don't have time to go through.
And that's where they're put at various elevations
and then struck with an electromagnetic weapon
to see if it's hard enough to withstand conflict.
Now this may seem extreme,
but there is quite a bit of valid research
to discuss weapons that have been designed to down UAP.
But what more can we factually learn about the underground portion
of the Tehan RCS facility?
The Northrop site would then be discussed
in Dr. Richard Sodder's excellent book,
Underground Bases and Tunnels,
which takes an evidence-based approach
to studying subterranean facilities,
aka deep underground military bases, DUMMS.
This is my absolute favorite book on the subject of DUMMS
as Sodder tackles the subject often associated with conspiracies
with rigorous fact-based research.
Sodder states Northrop alongside numerous Fortune 500 companies
such as Lockheed Martin employ high-tech underground centers
in California and claims with a high degree of certainty
these facilities are, quote,
equally engaged in non-conventional high-tech aerospace research,
end quote.
Dr. Sodder is equally confident the underground portion
of the Northrop RCS facility engages
in the same non-conventional research,
but is unsure just how far beneath the Earth
Northrop's activities extend.
Rumors persist under the site there exist as many
as 42 underground levels and connective tunnels
to nearby facilities as well as Edwards Air Force Base.
The validity and very real existence of these locations
and tunnels will be another topic for another day
as there is quite a volume of valuable research
to speak to the legitimacy of interconnected
deep underground military bases.
Because yes, I do plan on using Dr. Sodder's research
for a full deep dive into DUMMS.
But I would just like to say that TRW,
Northrop's golden child, also has a storied history
in connected subterranean facilities.
In the 1960s and 1970s, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers
and U.S. National Committee on Tunneling Technology,
USNC slash TT, conducted myriad studies, reports,
and patents on underground ICBM-based design,
tunneling technologies, tunnel boring machines,
tunnel depths, et cetera.
TRW engaged and published a number of studies
determining the viability of high-speed
ground transportation tunnel design.
For example, we can analyze this 1968 report
where TRW discusses high-speed underground
transportation vehicles in tunnel diameters
ranging from 80 to 40 feet.
At a depth of 400 to 2,500 feet.
Another topic for another day, as I stated.
Analyzing McDonald, Sodder, and Hamilton,
the question must be asked,
does Northrop Grumman test and operate
reverse engineered NHI vehicles?
Out of an underground facility beneath the Tehan RCS site,
the Northrop, Lockheed, and McDonnell Douglas RCS locations
do, after all, reside in close proximity to
Edwards Air Force Base, the former Norton Air Force Base,
and Palmdale, USAF Plant 42.
Norton and Plant 42 are integral pieces
to the Fluxliner ARV testimony of Brad Sorensen
and Mark McCandlish.
And carefully connecting research
and analyzing the testimony of Lieutenant Colonel Ed,
I have accused Edwards Air Force Base
and their 412th test group,
as running a UFO reverse engineering testing program
between Edwards and the Nevada Test and Training Range.
Several testimonies over the decades,
outside of Echler, Miller, and McDonald's
four anonymous engineers have labeled
Northrop Grumman directly,
as participating in UFO crash retrieval,
reverse engineering, and material exploitation.
Many will recall the testimony of Edgar Fouchet
and the TR-3B reverse engineer triangular craft.
Many write off Fouchet due to the absence
of hard physical proof of his claims.
However, I do highly recommend viewing my piece
on triangle ARVs in general,
as a tremendous amount of research
resulted from Fouchet's disclosures.
The 250 foot prototype and 600 foot operational
TR-3B models according to Fouchet
saw test flights over Edwards Air Force Base,
conducted by the AFFTC Air Force Test Center,
which oddly enough operates under the 412th test group
which we discussed above.
Strange as near Edwards, where these test flights
allegedly occur, Northrop has nearby installations,
both near Palmdale, USAF Plant 42,
as well as a mysterious underground location
where anomalous craft have been reported
over the decades.
Fouchet also outright named the contractors
responsible for the construction of TR-3B.
FFRDC's Sandia and Livermore Labs
reverse engineer the propulsion device.
But the primary contractors of the project
were listed as Lockheed, Boeing,
Teledyne Ryan, and Northrop.
I would now like to shift to a fascinating few details
from the whistleblower testimony of Colonel Steve Wilson.
Wilson's testimony was made public around 1997,
shortly before his death,
through researcher Dr. Richard Boylan.
Boylan has historically published some claims
I approach with skepticism,
so I tried multiple times to connect with him
regarding Wilson, but have heard nothing.
Colonel Steve Wilson does deserve his own video
as this enigmatic figure is well worth investigating.
And disclaimer, we cannot 100% prove Wilson's
40-year military background,
as numerous articles exist on the web detailing
his DD-214 in education, training, and medals.
However, we do not have any scans or copies
of Wilson's official records or images of him in service.
For this reason, I do also recommend reading
Kevin Randall's skeptical take on Wilson
and Boylan's reporting, which raises concerns,
such as 40 years of service listed on Wilson's DD-214,
as well as seemingly misreported medals.
To summarize Wilson's disclosures,
Wilson claimed in 1963 as a captain in the tactical
fighter squadron out of Wright-Patterson Air Force Base.
He was assigned to the Majestic 12 and promoted to Major.
Here, the then Major learned of the Majestic 12's
modus operandi to control, quote,
UFO surveillance and interdictions, retrievals,
and analysis of records of extraterrestrial
spacecraft and occupants, and public access
to any information about these matters, end quote.
As part of his duties, Wilson would be assigned
to the First Special Forces Air Command,
and would undergrow special training with Delta Force
and the then Black Berets.
For nine years, Colonel Wilson claimed to visit
nearly every Air Force Base in the world
and make contact with key people for the Majestic 12 unit.
Wilson states, whilst a Lieutenant Colonel in 1972,
he was reassigned from First Special Forces Air Command
at Vandenberg Air Force Base in California
to Area S-4, near Papouse Lake, south of Area 51,
by men with CIA credentials.
I am skipping a tremendous amount of detail here,
as this is not our subject for today,
but Wilson would travel 30 stories underground
in the facility where he witnessed eight different
kinds of non-human craft, as well as an extremely
tall woman that appeared to be extraterrestrial.
According to Wilson, S-4 operated to test
anti-gravity reverse engineered vehicles.
The first successful flight had allegedly occurred
on July 18, 1971, a year before his station,
which saw Admiral Bobby Ray Inman present for the test.
Interesting connection to Echler, Inman, and Shapiro,
as we stated above.
After some time at S-4, Wilson would claim to head
Project Pounce, an elite Air Force NRO Special Forces unit
which retrieved downed UFOs.
Oddly enough, Project Pounce can be observed
in the disputed Majestic 12 Project Aquarius document
and, oddly enough, the 1953 Robertson Panel Report.
Remember, the Robertson Panel served as a debunking panel
to reduce public concern regarding UFOs.
So, Wilson has a big, unprovable testimony.
What does any of this have to do with Northrop Grumman?
In his disclosures to Dr. Boylan, Wilson additionally named
US Aerospace Vehicles that had been created
utilizing reverse engineered non-human technology.
Many of these vehicles would feature anti-gravity systems,
and after all of the research we've done on this channel
and the words of Jake Barber, maybe this isn't so far-fetched.
The implications of what you're saying also are that potentially
there is some kind of capacity to draw incredible amounts of energy
from the quantum vacuum.
I've seen it.
You've seen it.
I've seen it.
There's also, obviously, the capacity to use propulsion systems
that are far beyond what we're describing.
Yeah, that seems to be the case as well.
Anti-gravity.
Anti-gravity.
They know about it.
Anti-gravity, zero point energy.
Those secrets are being suppressed from our knowledge.
Wilson would state US clandestine military operations
began flying the TR-3B reverse engineered triangle,
but also discussed an anti-gravity disc
that glowed intense orange-golden during flight.
Wilson claimed this craft was made by Northrop Aerospace
at their secret facility northeast of Lancaster, California.
This location is quite interesting,
as it matches the underground Northrop range
we discussed earlier in this investigation.
Wilson would even state the Northrop, Lockheed,
and McDonnell Douglas RCS facilities were connected alongside
Area 51 and other sensitive locations via underground train systems.
Wilson claimed these tunnels were excavated by nuclear subterranes,
which is actually very interesting.
Nuclear subterranes are massive tunneling machines
that work by melting rock with heat supplied
via a compact nuclear reactor.
Numerous patents for such machines were designed
by Los Alamos National Laboratories in the 1970s,
and don't worry, we will fully dive into this in the dumb video.
Boylan had reportedly witnessed this craft in test flight
over Area 51 in the Northrop complex near Edwards,
dubbing it Northrop's Great Pumpkin Disk.
These two siding locations are another fascinating connection to EDD,
and the joint reverse engineering effort between Edwards,
contractors, and Area 51.
Wilson made additional mentions to a reverse engineered craft
designated the XH-75D, or the XH Shark.
This craft is allegedly an anti-gravity helicopter
designed by Teledyne Ryan San Diego Division.
Wilson claimed these craft were assigned to Delta IV
slash the NRO for UFO crash retrievals.
This mention of NRO and Delta is indeed intriguing.
Delta Force, part of the Joint Special Operations Command, JSOC,
has been accused of participating in foreign UFO crash retrievals
under the CIA Office of Global Access, as has indeed the NRO.
In fact, the NRO was one of two intelligence agencies,
the other being the National Geospatial Intelligence Agency
we discussed above with C4ISR.
David Grush worked on as liaison to the UAP Task Force,
where he discovered the existence of UAP legacy programs.
The NRO was also one of three intelligence agencies
alongside the CIA and NSA mentioned by Edgar Fuchet
as managing the TR-3B reverse engineered triangle.
Very little has been discussed on this craft,
the XH-75D, original drawing by Wilson on screen now.
And almost no actionable investigation can arise
from Wilson's incredibly brief testimony on this craft.
The Colonel never discussed the intended application
or function of the onboard anti-gravity system.
What I do find interesting is a 2019 design concept
created by one of Lockheed Martin's subsidiaries,
the Sikorsky Raider X.
Dual rotor helicopters are not rare.
They are often implemented on helicopters designed for heavy lift.
One would have to ask why the XH-75D would need dual rotors
with an anti-gravity system.
But the Raider X, canceled in 24,
sought to create a quote,
agile, survivable compound coaxial helicopter
that will equip future aviators to address
evolving peer and near-peer threats
in the most difficult environments, end quote.
No further linkages beyond design exist between these platforms.
However, I do find it interesting the XH-75D,
drawn by Wilson in 97,
looks almost identical to the concept craft
proposed by Lockheed in 2019.
So is the anti-gravity disk in helicopter
proposed by Wilson real?
Well, this is unfortunately a dead end of investigation.
As I said, Wilson's testimony must be considered
little more than third-party research.
Because while it is fascinating
and ties intimately to some claims made regarding
UAP Legacy Recovery programs throughout history,
there is little evidence or actionable data to pursue.
I would, however, like to leave discussion of Wilson
with a chart he made regarding the structure
of UAP Legacy programs.
Please note, the rendition I am showing now
is a recreation of Wilson's 97 chart published in 2001.
Numerous spelling errors can be observed here,
such as in Lockheed.
This chart is titled Star Wars City
in reference to the Strategic Defense Initiative,
the program we mentioned above,
and a program I have discussed many times,
instituted by Reagan in the 1980s
with possible ties to Eisenhower.
To state again, the SDI program instituted to protect
the United States from ballistic nuclear attacks
has been referenced by numerous witnesses
who have stated the program had a backdoor functionality
to act offensively against UAP
and back-channeled funds to fund UFO Legacy programs.
From the chart, Star Wars City
located under the Cheyenne Mountain Complex
in Colorado Springs, Colorado,
oversees the U.S. Space Counterintelligence Headquarters
within the SDI as the nexus of UAP Legacy programs.
Within this chart, there are numerous institutions
one might expect to be associated with UAP retrieval
and exploitation programs, the NRO,
National Security Council, National Security Agency,
CIA, NORAD, and Majestic 12.
Adhering to the SDI, Colorado HQ, and Magi,
there exists a list of contractors
alleged to engage with the UAP portfolio.
Contractors such as Rockwell, Martin Marietta, Lockheed,
Boeing, McDonnell Douglas, and IBM are mentioned.
We also find Decision Science Applications Inc.
DSAI was led by former Admiral
and recurring character of this project, Bobby Ray Inman,
and most likely had its assets handed over to SAIC.
A contractor I believe is as involved in legacy operations
as Northrop or Lockheed.
Another project for another day,
as DSAI is quite a worthy investigation.
DSI, according to the chart and Wilson's testimony,
consists of directors of relevant UAP black budget divisions
from the aforementioned contractors,
as well as Ford Aerospace, which is now part of Northrop Grumman,
and Teledyne Ryan,
which was one of Northrop's premium purchases.
When Teledyne Ryan did indeed play a vital role
in the Strategic Defense Initiative,
the contractor was well regarded for designing
and producing high-performance aerial targets,
which were crucial for testing and evaluation potential
for missile defense systems,
as well as developing advanced sensors
that could be used for detecting and tracking
incoming ballistic missiles.
TRW, Northrop's crown jewel,
additionally aided in the SDI program,
such as using its locations
for high-powered chemical laser testing.
And as we mentioned above,
Northrop itself takes great pride in aiding in the SDI program
in 1983, creating the first laser radar used in space.
It is fascinating, even in a testimony like Wilson's,
we can still find links to Northrop's many acquisitions
and UAP legacy programs.
And now onto a whistleblower by the acronym of A-H
that appeared on Stephen Greer's 2001 disclosure briefing document.
And I must state again, regarding Greer's witnesses,
let us analyze the quality and claims of the whistleblower
instead of the platform.
Unfortunately, Greer's poor operational security
is ever-present, as clips of A-H are listed
in the DPI archive as Arnold House.
I believe I have located this individual
and have reached out to talk to him.
I have heard nothing.
Arnold's testimony revolves around the significant information
he gained regarding UAP programs
while a surface technician at the Boeing Aerospace Company,
as well as insights gained from friend and four-star general,
Curtis LeMay.
As we dive in, it is crucial to maintain awareness
how his disclosures are indeed secondhand.
As far as his testimony,
House never participated directly in program operations.
His information was handed to him from friends at NSA,
CIA, NASA, JPL,
Office of Naval Intelligence Area 51,
USAF, Northrop, Boeing, and various generals.
This information was so complete, according to Greer,
House briefed Bill Clinton in 1990.
I have no evidence to confirm this briefing.
The only possible link I can find is a letter to Clinton from Greer
marked 9 July 2000,
where Greer requested the city president to disclose
UFO-related USAPs at the suggestion of their mutual friend.
I do find House very worthy of discussion
as we can find correspondences with him and Greer
as recently as 2018 and as old as December 2000.
Perhaps House, like William Hamilton,
has served as one of Greer's primary sources of information
over the decades.
In his taped testimony linked in description,
House stated one day around 1987
at the home of General Curtis LeMay,
the infamous general confirmed the Roswell, New Mexico crash.
House also learned from his NSA friend that Henry Kissinger,
George Bush, as well as Ronald Reagan
and Mikhail Gorbachev were all aware of the UAP subject.
His friends in CIA relayed to House
that they, along with USAF, had downed NHI craft.
Arnold even claimed he learned from a friend in the FBI
that the Bureau had radar testing that was causing interference
with some of the craft resulting in crashes.
This echoes Lieutenant Colonel Corso's sentiments
regarding the crash of the Roswell, New Mexico craft.
House also learned and relayed there are underground bases
testing and maintaining TUOs,
likely Dugway, Palmdale, California,
Edwards Air Force Base, Eglin Air Force Base, and others.
Interesting we see Palmdale and Edwards pop up once again.
But now let's focus directly on Arnold's information
regarding Northrop.
House's entire testimony could lead to an entire video
so maybe we will save that for whistleblowers volume 3.
A.H. stated while at Boeing he met a man
in the Army Criminal Investigation Division, CID,
who was involved in several crash recovery since 1947
and had served in Army CIC, Counter Intelligence Corps, Capacity.
The gentleman handpicked one of House's friends
at the Boeing aircraft company to become part of a UFO
crash recovery team in northern New Mexico starting in 1980.
This friend of A.H. would somehow relay information
regarding his time in legacy program operations
from 1980 to 1997, 17 years.
The time of these disclosures is not given, however,
as investigators we must assume that his friend
informed Arnold after leaving program operations in 1997.
House's friend was ultimately stationed and helped
with reverse engineering efforts and testing
of non-human craft at Area 51.
He was not working for the U.S. government or military, however.
His paychecks during these years in legacy programs
came directly from Northrop.
The source would illustrate Northrop, Lockheed Martin,
and Boeing all engaged in UFO reverse engineering efforts
at Area 51.
The facility itself from 1980 to 1997
held a tremendous amount of extraterrestrial debris
in a containment area.
This source would also tell House some of the program
was shifted to a location in Utah,
likely dugway-proving grounds.
They moved most of the stuff from Area 51,
at least 35% to 40% of Area 51 to Utah.
Just basically those companies and of course,
Lockheed and Northrop.
This is very interesting as USAF Master Sergeant Edgar Fouchet
said the exact same thing.
Some Area 51 legacy programs were relocated to dugway
in the early 1990s.
I myself have talked about dugway previously
and plan to revisit with a contractor witness
who claimed to stumble upon a floating saucer craft
within a classified testing area on base.
Here is where House's testimony regarding Area 51
and Northrop gets really interesting.
This same friend told Arnold the A51 program
to test NHI vehicles and exploit technological materials
was called Project Red Light.
There's a base near Lancaster and Palmdale area
and near, this is very funny, it's near Northrop.
There's an underground area out there too
that he was aware of, but he particularly mentioned
and stayed focused on ANZA, California.
There's some underground areas up there too
that they're researching some of this technology
and at March Air Force Base through Project Red Light.
This should immediately become familiar to many of my viewers
as I have referenced this Project Red Light
on numerous occasions.
I have traced first mention of this project
to the files of the late legendary researcher
Leonard Stringfield, author of Crash Retrieval Status Reports
1-7 and relayed by excellent researcher Michael Schrat.
In a letter dated April 5th, 1980,
one Mr. D. L. Dobbs discussed one MH,
a witness identity Schrat chose not to disclose.
MH allegedly performed radio maintenance
at the atomic proving grounds in Nevada during 1961 to 1963,
along with top secret radio work for USAF.
According to MH, he participated in a top secret operation
at Area 51 titled Project Red Light.
Test flights were conducted under this project
on a recovered UFO shipped from none other than Edwards Air Force Base.
The craft was not conventionally powered
and stayed silent during operation.
Security was so tight on the project,
program personnel were rotated every six months.
MH claimed to have heard rumors of a West Coast
American defense contractor encountering difficulties
in reverse engineering many of the components comprising the craft.
I have drawn a parallel between Red Light and the testimony of Ed.
We have referenced numerous times throughout this project,
a joint Edwards Area 51 reverse engineering program
out of the Edwards 412th Test Group.
Well, Master Sergeant Edgar Fouchet
additionally mentioned Project Red Light.
Fouchet claimed he gathered knowledge
defense contractor EGNG was awarded an indefinite contract
for Project Red Light to support the DOE and military.
If you have not heard of EGNG,
this is the contractor historically implicated with UAP programs
made infamous in the story of Bob Lazar
as the contractor that hired him to work out of Site 4.
This contract gave EGNG responsibility
to assist in the recovery of nuclear materials in cases of mishaps
and to provide aerial and ground security
for highly classified government and military sites.
If the testimony of Arnold House
and his legacy program connections are indeed true,
Northrop Grumman could have indeed served
as a project manager for Project Red Light,
testing non-human intelligence and alien reproduction vehicles
in a joint contractor Edwards 412th Test Group operation.
Absolutely incredible links to ponder.
We have no project stork,
we have no direct mention of Lockheed and so forth
but almost in a way I find that a little more intriguing
for my research.
With Northrop we devoted so much time
to look specifically at Northrop Grumman's acquisitions
TRW, Teledyne Ryan, BDM,
connections to Aerospace Corporation and FFRDCs
and I find this so fascinating how
Northrop's involvement outside of mentions of Fuchshe
and a couple other mentions here and there
and comments from Jack Northrop at the beginning of the video
they seem to purchase up buy-up companies
that had legacy operations.
TRW and its implication in the Wilson Davis Memo
and the Phil Pentagon audit that almost outed the senior review group.
$200 million today Northrop paid
to settle that lawsuit for TRW.
Now they acquired them I believe for $6 or $7 billion
that's a drop in the bucket
but it's interesting that a year after the acquisition
Northrop's still okay with you know what TRW
you're implicated in this massive lawsuit
but don't worry we'll pay for it.
So I find that sort of research absolutely
scintillating instead of just direct confirmations
and direct ties like we had with Lockheed and Battelle.
I also find all of the whistleblower testimony
of Northrop to be incredibly fast
and you know I wouldn't be
surprised to see full projects on Steve Wilson
and Arnold Howe soon.
Like I mentioned I've tried to connect with House
because I do believe with a high degree of certainty
I have found that individual
and Colonel or yeah,
Colonel Steve Wilson is no longer with us
he passed in 1997
but his testimony is still shrouded in mystery
and his legitimacy in USAF
is still surrounded in mystery
so a lot more to explore there
but I find it really interesting
from the work of William Hamilton
the testimony of AH
that there's still these little comments
that are ubiquitous around testimony
that I still find to be quite accurate
mentions of the SDI
and UAP Legacy programs mentioned
Northrop's involvement in underground facilities
mention of underground facilities
mentioning you know dating to Fouch as well
projects being moved from Area 51
to Dugway Proving Grounds
even mentions of Area 51 in Edwards
as we see in Arnold Howe's
Red Light, Fouch, etc.
So the question must be asked
why is Northrop's involvement
in Legacy programs operations
so shrouded
why do they pass under the radar
alongside companies like Boeing and Raytheon
while Lockheed Martin, while Battelle
these guys, I mean even General Electric
to a certain degree are always labeled
as the prime contractors
well I do have someone of a thesis there
I think Battelle
bar biological storage
at probably Fort Detrick or Fort Belbois
is a little bit out of the game
they're a little bit said and done
I think the three, four primary players
if we want to say
are Lockheed Boeing
who is likely a project manager
for operations
Northrop and Raytheon
I think these are the big guys
I think that
Lockheed is sort of like
a hound dog
Lockheed will respond to a beck and call
they will do what is required of them
they are the loudest in the room
etc. I think Lockheed
is
they will take advantage of a situation
and they are opportunists
the reason I say this is the
2008 material transfer to OSAP
that was blocked by Glenn Gaffney
in the CIA
directorate of science and technology
Lockheed itself
offered to divest itself of materials
now was this
to get in the good graces
of the CIA
the OGA, the DS&T
the NRO probably
did Lockheed give up
materials they could reverse engineer
Lockheed give away materials they think
that any other
corporation or agency
could reverse engineer
and garner insights from probably not
this was probably materials they thought
well if we can't figure it out no one else can
so we might as well
get in good favor with some people
and get rid of these materials
which is likely from the 1953 Kigman, Arizona crash
but that's a whole other conversation
Northrop
their work seems to be shrouded
in much more secrecy
they are not offering to divest themselves
of material they are often seen in the shadows
they are often tag-lined
in testimonies like Fouche's
as the
person in the shadows
so that makes the question
what work are they doing
well I believe it's material exploitation
reverse engineering and testing of ARV
and likely project
managerial responsibilities
for the red light project if that is still ongoing
or if that has shifted since Ed's time
around
Nellis and Edwards
ending in about 2006 to 2008
so if that project is still ongoing
I think that Lockheed operates
similar to
and I forgot one on the Mount Rushmore of Legacy
operations SAIC
I think Northrop
alongside Lockheed alongside SAIC
Boeing and perhaps Raytheon
they operate across all segments
of US military have commented numerous times
that
the Army, the Air Force
and the Navy
their programs are extremely compartmentalized
stove piped as Eric Davis said
and don't really have much interaction with each other
the common threads here are the contractors
that interact
in programs across compartments
and possibly the UARCs
and FFRDCs that do as well
there might be some
small contractors that help out
with Air Force responsibilities
and one such company might be
Alien Science and Technologies
helping Ed
and the project red light
if you want to call it that out at Edwards
but the project managers
the companies that seem to do quite a bit
then engage in all facets
of legacy program operations
operate across all of these boards
so is Northrop still
ongoing in research I would probably say
yes and Northrop has
is up to their eyeballs just like SAIC
like Lockheed and just like Boeing
but these are my personal opinions
I think that even though much of the research
we have studied today is still
whistleblower testimony and
a bit nebulous at some points
like Steve Wilson
I still think there are numerous fascinating ties
I mean
again I want to harken back
to Northrop's many acquisitions
and even date that back to Sparey Rand
when it went defunct
its departments going to Northrop Grumman
and Lockheed and others
and connections to the Corso testimony
all of these neat little threads
that kind of tie Northrop
and its purchasing streak interwoven
into stories of legacy
program operations it's very fascinating
in a sense this project was
almost a little bit more conclusive to me
than even Lockheed or Battelle
I would like to know what everybody else here thinks
you know perhaps Northrop silence
is a sign of danger
we don't know all we can do is continue
to investigate and if you have any other
insights into Northrop
or testimony I would love to hear from
you and to tell me what you think in the comments
with that guys we will move on
because I think I've been ranting out for about
8 minutes please remember
to like and subscribe
always look forward to the next project
we'll get back in live
soon because I would like to talk
a little bit about concurring
events you know with the whistleblower
testimony of Jake Barber
Dr. John Blitch
Don Paul Bales
and so forth and Fred Baker
but I don't want to make that my channel
I'm not a news of the day type of guy
as you all know you know there's a lot
of space between the videos so we'll figure
out something there so please remember to like
and subscribe guys I do have a patreon
you can find that on the channel page
I don't gate keep content all of my
research as everybody knows is open source
so only support what
you think the channel is worth
you're not getting much extra there it's just
go help me out make these investigations
purchasing better camera equipment because
as everybody can see this camera isn't great
and you know maybe funding
my trips to go speak to witnesses
which I do plan to do quite soon so
thank you so much again for joining me and
I will catch everybody on the next show
later everybody thanks
