Your Army's Research and Development Program is a continuing effort to help ensure the survival
of this nation. Army Industry Teamwork is essential to the accomplishment of the Army
Research and Development mission. To maintain superiority in our military arsenal, new ideas
are essential. New weapons must be developed and perfected to meet new requirements. In these days
of explosive advances in science and technology, Army Research and Development plays a major role
in maintaining America's military supremacy. You are saying to the human race for the first
time, an official intelligence representative at a high level from the US government is saying
publicly, we are not alone. We're definitely not alone. Absolutely the data points empirically
that we're not alone, yeah. You've said that we have the United States has spacecraft, intact
craft. Do we have bodies? Do we have species? Well, naturally when you recover something that's
either landed or crashed, sometimes you encounter dead pilots. Well, the book is really my experience
of as I lived them and research and development of the Army under General Trudeau, Arthur Trudeau,
when he drew me back in and put me in charge of that and established the Florida Technology
Division for me. These were the artifacts from the crash flying saucer, which we used the word
applied engineering. Dr. Tello is still alive, knows he helped him. We fed these things. He gave
me the job of finding industry or scientists that were close to these items and feed us to
them in normal R&D projects. And you're saying these items came from somewhere else. They came
from a flying saucer. How do you know that? Because they were marked in the files that's coming
from New Mexico. Roswell. Yeah, Roswell. Well, I think some came in might be another crash,
but these were came from New Mexico and Roswell especially. And the General Trudeau gave me the
job of working out a program, put these things out, feed them to industry, but there is provisions
feeding it. They can have the patents, but they had to feed them out back to our house as a competitive
edge of the Army and to the American people and the world as necessary. Before the 2023 congressional
hearings on UAP, before the Schumer legislation and before Grush, the 20th century saw a decorated
Lieutenant Colonel of the US Army speak and sign affidavits on the existence of non-human
intelligence, crashed UAP, and exploitation of technologies of unknown origin. The legendary
Philip J. Corso in his infamous book The Day After Roswell and lesser known but far more impactful
manuscript Dawn of a New Age have cemented Corso as one of the most controversial yet credible UFO
whistleblowers of all time. Lieutenant Colonel Corso central claims revolve around his time in
the US Army serving as the chief of the foreign technology division where he claims he not only
came in contact with autopsy reports of extraterrestrial beings but also craft and artifacts from UAP
crashes and discussed how under his command technologies found in UAP were seated into US
industry to give the army a competitive edge. But are Corso's grand and epic claims indeed true?
And what can we learn from these claims? What valuable research can be extracted from the names,
locations, agencies, incidents, and technologies mentioned by the late Corso? Hey guys it's UAP
Gerb and I am thrilled for you to join me as we fully analyze and deconstruct the testimony of
Philip J. Corso in his claims of UAP crash retrieval, NHI biologics, and reverse engineering of
exotic technologies. Let's conduct a comprehensive deep dive into Corso ranging from carefully
analyzing statements made in his manuscript to digging through his military record and grand
claims. And some quick bookkeeping before we get started today. We are taking the global best seller
the day after Roswell co-written by Corso and throwing it out the window. We will instead
be focusing solely on Dawn of a New Age. The original notes and manuscript of Corso released
in Italy in 2003 and the US in 2011 after Corso's death in 1998 at the age of 83. We will do this
so we can directly study Corso's pure claims without the creative liberties taken in the
day after Roswell, possibly inserted by the other co-writer Bill Burns. According to Corso's son
Philip Jr. he originally had no plans to release his father's manuscript but did due to his father's
distaste for the best seller. As relayed by Jr. Corso went through the day after Roswell and
highlighted everything he did not say or did not like. He got solely halfway through before giving
up due to frustration with the book. Multiple individuals were privy to the manuscript before
Corso's death such as Colonel John B. Alexander who remarked on sensational details featured in
the book missing in the manuscript. Due to the existence of the manuscript and Corso's son's
firm remarks of releasing the piece to correct the mistakes in the book that made his father
furious during his lifetime, we must give Corso the benefit of the doubt and study
solely his unfiltered words. For example, the day after Roswell is 130 pages longer than
Dawn of a New Age whilst the two cover roughly the same concepts. Day after Roswell adds in details
like recounting the time when Corso intimidated the CIA director of covert operations into
self-deleting, the manuscript features no such tale. Another example is the book originally
shipped with a forward written by U.S. Senator Strom Thurmond who angrily recounted his statements
once learning the book centered on UAP leading to an early copy reprint. While the manuscript makes
mention of Corso's relationship to Thurmond no such advocation by the senator was ever mentioned.
A final example I'll discuss is the missing first chapter from the book, The Roswell Desert,
which describes the Roswell, New Mexico UFO crash in painstaking detail and passes it off as an
accurate description even though Corso was not present at this event. So feel free to visit
the video description and download both the book and the manuscript and follow along as we dive into
the claims of Corso. Philip Corso has as ironclad a background in the U.S. armed forces and military
intelligence as does David Grush. Few other witnesses even with proven accolades in the U.S.
military such as Roswell witness Walter Hott of the 509th bomb group come close to matching
Corso's rank, stations and history. Lieutenant Colonel Corso served in the U.S. Army from February
23, 1942 to March 1, 1963. The young man initially served in military intelligence during Europe in
World War II before becoming chief of the U.S. Counterintelligence Corps CIC in Rome.
At the end of the Second World War, Corso arranged safe passage for numerous Jewish
refugees out of Rome and served as personal emissary to Giovanni Battista Montini who would
become Pope Paul VI. Corso also served diligently in the early 1950s throughout the Korean War,
performing intelligence directly under General Douglas MacArthur as chief of the special projects
branch of the Intelligence Division Far East Command. His work here would focus mainly on
prisoners of war, POWs, and missing in action MIA soldiers during the war, tasked with investigating
North Korean POW camps and investigating the number of U.S. and U.N. POWs held at each camp.
Phil would even testify in 1992 before the Senate Select Committee on POW-MIA Affairs on
hundreds of American soldiers being abandoned at these camps. Corso served on the staff of
President Eisenhower's National Security Council for four years from 1953 to 1957.
Skeptics and detractors of Corso claimed he was never a member of this NSC under Eisenhower,
however. The 1992 Senate Select Committee hearing report would say otherwise,
where the retired Lieutenant Colonel was clearly listed as NSC staff under the Eisenhower administration.
We can also analyze Corso's own FOIAd military documents which show him as a member of the
Operations Coordinating Board, a U.S. secret covert operations committee established in 1952
by Eisenhower under Executive Order 10483, which reported directly to the National Security Council.
In 1960, Corso joined and shortly became commander of the Army's Pentagon-based
Research and Development Program, the illustrious foreign technology division,
under Lieutenant General Arthur Trudeau. This foreign technology division is not
the Air Force's infamous foreign technology division born out of the Air Force Technical
Intelligence Center at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. This program stems from the
Office of the Chief of Army R&D and has almost zero trace or record outside of Corso's own
military documents, and we'll discuss this much further later on. I do briefly want to mention
some interesting context to lend to the credibility of Corso as we dive into his claims.
Viewers of my channel will know of my recent interview with Dr. Eric Davis of the Wilson
Davis Memo, where Davis intimately discussed President and former CIA director George H.W.
Bush's involvement with UAP legacy programs. Well, let's reference Jacques Valais' book,
Forbidden Science Pacific Heights, which speaks on Eric Davis and former President
Bush Senior's professional relationship. After a candid call initiated by Bush giving
Davis advice on his future career, the two spoke again and saw Davis ask Bush about his
interest in Corso's disclosures. Quote, could it be that Corso was mistaken in dealing with
the material he was handling? Could that have been Nazi hardware? End quote. Shockingly,
to the statement on Corso, Bush replied, quote, impossible. The two topics were clearly separated.
By that time, all German secrets had been processed and filed away. They were not used
as cover for anything else. End quote. Bush expanded on the 1954 alleged landing of non-human
intelligence at Holloman Air Force Base, where allegedly Eisenhower and NHI brokered a deal.
According to Bush, this event really did happen, resulting in a secret project with obscene
security. When the two spoke again, Bush told Davis he was briefed on legacy programs by Trudeau
at the time of the 1968 Mandel River's congressional hearings. The book says Colonel
Trudeau, however, I do think this is a typo referencing General Arthur Trudeau. Bush senior
claimed Trudeau told him his man Corso had been asked to testify before Congress and was able to
reveal rumblings of alien hardware that had been distributed to industrial labs. The Corso testimony
was squashed as a result of this conversation. And lastly, why did Corso wait until the 1990s
to disclose his experiences with UAP technology? Well, this is because he made a promise to
Trudeau. He would wait to speak until his death. What about the few people who are have criticized
you to say, well, why are you coming out now? You're violating your security oath. What do you
tell us? I've been asked that question many, many times. Number one is I had a nose with a general
till we won't discuss this. A general said, when I die, feel your release from your oath.
He died three years ago, and I started to write it. Number two is I couldn't talk about people
over with us that I had no right to talk about. In intelligence, like a newspaper man,
your source is not named unless he gives you permission to name him. I had no right to do that.
And so my own family cruise on my son says, 35 years, you didn't talk. You didn't even tell us.
So that's right. Why did I tell anybody? I had an oath was an honorable man, a great man.
And I wasn't about to betray that oath. And not enough knowing that I had never
any intention of writing a book or put that on paper. And there were in my mind a nice
moment there. I never thought I'd write a book or even get a new movie on it. That never entered my head.
Number two is I couldn't talk about people over with us that I had no right to talk about.
Shortly before his death in July of 1998, CAUS, Citizens Against UFO Secrecy,
published an affidavit released by Colonel Corso. This affidavit was signed for
attorney Peter A. Gersten of CAUS in order to file a lawsuit against the Department of Army.
This affidavit reads, quote, I, Colonel Philip J. Corso, retired, do hereby swear under the
penalties of perjury that the following statements are true, that all times here and after mentioned,
I was a member and officer of the defendant, that during my tenure with the defendant,
I was a member of President Eisenhower's National Security Council and former head
of the foreign technology desk at defendant's research and development department,
that on or about July 6th, 1947, while stationed at Fort Riley, Kansas,
I personally observed a four-foot non-human creature with bizarre-looking four-fingered hands,
thin legs and feet, and an oversized incandescent lightbulb-shaped head.
The eye sockets were oversized and almond-shaped and pointed down to its tiny nose. The creature's
skull was overgrown to the point where all its facial features were arranged frontally,
occupying only a small circle on the lower part of the head.
There were no eyebrows or any indications of facial hair. The creature had only a tiny flat
slit for a mouth and it was completely closed, resembling more of a crease or indentation between
the nose and bottom of the chinless skull than a fully functioning orifice. That in 1961, I came
into possession of what I refer to as the Roswell file. This file contained field reports, medical
autopsy reports, and technical debris from the crash of an extraterrestrial vehicle
in Roswell, New Mexico in 1947. That I have personally read the medical autopsy reports,
which refer to the autopsy of the previously described creature that I saw in 1947 at Fort
Riley, Kansas. That the autopsy reports indicated the autopsy was performed at Walter Reed Hospital,
which was under the authority of the defendant at the time of the autopsy. That the autopsy report
referred to the creature as an extraterrestrial biological entity. Right off the bat here,
it sounds extreme Corso claimed to have observed a mangled body he would later learn was a deceased
bean from the 1947 Roswell, New Mexico crash. If you are not well versed with the July 1947
Roswell UAP crash retrieval, I do recommend doing some homework before continuing with this project.
I'd recommend the Roswell cover up 75 years later, as well as my project UFO whistleblowers
volume one to hear from some credible whistleblowers on the incident. For this video, we will be
utilizing an array of interesting depictions of the crashed Roswell saucer. Based on reports
and eyewitness testimony, Corso solely labeled the craft as the Roswell crashed saucer in dawn
of a new age. We will explore all of these craft design in a future project solely focused on Roswell.
One night, I was a post duty officer. Post duty officer means that I was in control. For that
night, I was the one who checked all the guards, checked all security areas, fact checked the
whole post. I was a duty officer that night. And I went to the veterinarian section and one of
a sergeant I knew very well was Sergeant of the Guard that night. I told him,
Sarge, how's everything around here? And he said, fine, sir. I told him, you know,
they told me to be careful to watch this area because you have a sense of something sensitive
here. He said, you want to see it, sir? I told him, yeah, let's go look. And I knew this sergeant,
where he was a master sergeant. I went back and there was five crates there, like five or six,
I think it was five. I listed one up and here's this body there and floating in food.
And I looked at it about 10, 15 seconds, not much more than that. So I put it back down and said,
Sarge, come on, get out of here now. I want to get you in trouble. Because I'm the duty officer,
I can go around, walk around here. But you might get in trouble for coming back. Just come on,
let's go, come out with me. So we went out and I told him, where did it come from, Sarge? He said,
well, five trucks came through here from an airfield in New Mexico, and they're heading for
Wright, Paterson Air Force. Now, in those days, I wanted all these big roads now. In those days,
Route 40 was about the only cross-country route. And the route that they took was Route 40,
going through Fort Raleigh, Kansas, and then up to Wright, Paterson Air Force.
And I said, well, stay away from the sergeant. I don't want you to get in any trouble.
I told him, I can walk around and see them. So, and I started to figure, what was that?
First, I thought it was a child, because it was small. Then I looked at this head and all,
right away, and this was only half of the matter, secondly. Then I put the end back down, and
the head was different. The arms were spindly, the body, it was gray.
So, right at that moment, I figured, I don't know what this thing is.
Corso's official records do indeed place him at Fort Raleigh at this date,
and he would claim he was told the convoy of trucks hauling the bodies were headed
for Wright, Pat, and came from Route 40. This is very interesting, as quite often Roswell
reports state wreckage was flown to Wright, Paterson Air Force Base, were deceased by
logics transported separately, and if so, why? Myriad UFO crash retrieval stories feature
flatbed Air Force and Army trucks hauling wreckage away, such as the 1953 Kingman and
1965 Kecksburg crash retrievals. Also an interesting line, I'm sure many picked up.
The body was referred to as an EBE, extraterrestrial biological entity,
the same phrase used in the Majestic 12 Special Operations Manual. This manual describes two
sets of EBE, EBE 1 and 2. EBE 1 closely matches the description of Corso's observed body.
This affidavit provides little more information than Corso gaining first-hand knowledge of the
Roswell crash, but fortunately we have his entire manuscript to study.
Just to revisit, the bulk of Corso's testimony revolves around the U.S. Army's foreign
technology division serving to exploit technology of unknown origin, TuO, from crashed UAP and seeded
into U.S. industry to primarily bolster the U.S. Army war machine and, as a second directive,
benefit the U.S. economy. Through this program, we start feeding it out to industry, but this was
not on paper. They went out as normal research and development proposals, not to name something.
Yeah, you didn't put out a report that said there's some alien stuff figured out.
We put our regular research and development proposal that came from somebody's brain,
and also this was known among a select few, mostly combat officers head-to-head.
It came, we kept this among ourselves, because otherwise we were certain that they were
destroyed our organization and we had a good organization, General Trudeau pulled it together
just a couple years before. They were destroyed our organization and labeled us as kooks and
taken our budget away. So, it had to be. We didn't cover because we gave it to industry
what the provisions, and I'll repeat this, the provisions were to come back to us with what
you prove, competitive edge of the army, give it to the people and to the world if necessary,
and take the patents. This claim dating to 1962 parallels extremely closely the modern-day
disclosures that branches of U.S. military work closely with contractors under unacknowledged
special access program in order to exploit technologies of unknown origin to primarily
benefit the U.S. military. Let's monitor this evolution closely as we explore CORSO. It is
endlessly fascinating to compare the secrecy and centralization of technology exploitation programs
under the foreign technology division as outlined by CORSO. All the way to how these UAP legacy
programs may operate today, stove piped and protected from congressional oversight nestled
within various intelligence agencies and military institution in league with defense contractors,
UARCs, and FFRDCs. Anyways, to the memo. After a brief forward and acknowledgement with the
awesome statement quote, if one passage in these memoirs helps you survive in a troubled world,
then all this work is not in vain end quote. CORSO begins an introduction for the reader.
Philip begins by giving the reader valuable insight into the creation of army research and
development projects exploiting technologies of unknown origin. And guys moving forward,
research and development will now be shortened to R&D and technologies of unknown origin will
be shortened to TUOs. This sort of inception of a legacy UAP program gives us a framework to
understand the construction and evolution of such programs. CORSO also quotes the father of German
rocketry, flying saucer researcher and mentor of Werner von Braun, Hermann Oberth, who once stated
quote, we cannot take the credit for our record advancements and certain scientific fields alone.
We have been helped by people of other worlds and quote, 1947 to 1958 saw the disorganized
dark ages of army research and development. NASA was founded in 1958, killing the army and DOD
project horizon, which served to build a moon base. Atomic energy was stripped from the army and
handed over to the Atomic Energy Commission. ARPA, the advanced project research agency,
was also founded clashing often with army R&D. It wasn't until 1958, all army R&D was pulled
under one single department, the office of the chief of army R&D. This was Lieutenant General
Arthur Trudeau, who handled all personnel, tech services, laboratory and installations as well
as budget. Trudeau would then create the foreign technology division and designate young CORSO
as its chief. CORSO would take quote, all reports on foreign technology, which included foreign
beans and events, those not of this world and quote, we will discuss this station and division
in much greater detail later in the project. But for now, we are focusing solely on the
manuscript's introduction. This led according to CORSO to the golden age of army R&D from 58 to 63.
However, in this time, the army still faced many challenges impeding their work,
civilian control of space efforts, DoD opposers, adverse policy guidance and the animosity of
CIA Department of State. This would all lead to the hyper secrecy of all R&D data pertaining to
areas out of this world. All of these materials were compartmentalized and trusted amongst a select
few quote, great efforts were made to bring large industry and select laboratories into the army
R&D fold, end quote. CORSO also states quote, the partners we sought and gathered were US industry,
a strong laboratory support and many leading universities, end quote. I do believe this small
line is one of the most crucial aspects of CORSO's testimony, believe it or not. Quite often on this
channel, we talk not only about contractors involved in UAP legacy programs, but also university
affiliated research centers, as well as federally funded research and development centers, semi private
institutions. One such organization created during this golden age of army R&D is an FFRDC,
I believe is up to their eyeballs in UAP legacy programs, MITRE. Officially established in 1958,
MITRE was created by MIT Lincoln Labs employees, creating SAGE, the semi automatic ground
environment program to coordinate radars to produce imageries of airspace for the military.
A thesis I'd like to keep in mind during this exploration was the MITRE FFRDC created in part
to fulfill the need of army UFO R&D to see technology into US industry. Of course the foreign
technology division was created a year later in 1960, however CORSO does state before his station
at the new office, material exploitation efforts by the army had been ongoing since Roswell. At
an undisclosed date, but presumably around the time or just before the creation of the foreign
technology division in 1960, CORSO states the top 25 industries on the Fortune 500 list were contacted
and meetings were arranged with their board of directors, top personnel with the chiefs of army
R&D. Laboratories were strengthened and organized, gathering funds to attract the best and brightest
including foreign scientists such as those brought from Operation Paperclip. With contractors such as
Bell Labs, who is credited with the development of the transistor and laser, two technologies
CORSO said were leveraged from UAP alongside universities and army laboratories. This conglomeration,
a powerful team, was tasked with exploiting TUOs. The guiding principle of this army project had
but two goals, national security of the United States and protection of the American way of life.
In a rare Art Bell coast-to-coast interview with CORSO and Colonel John B. Alexander,
CORSO would state the foreign technology division began to operate with a budget of $2 billion.
They weren't doing this gratis or for an investigation, you were commissioning them,
you had budget money, research and development money that came along with these items you were
giving them. We had a budget then it was tremendous, it was about $2 billion. $2 billion.
We also gave out RDTAD contracts, research development tests and evaluation contracts.
The first item that would be built from a research contract, we funded the building to the first
one and after that other people and other agencies funded it. So we would fund these until it was
actually developed. We had our laboratories, our atomic labs and the night viewing labs,
where our labs at Fort Bell were. Colonel, what aspect of this were you overseeing? In other
words, once you gave somebody a piece of this technology and a budget, what did you then do?
This RDT&E funding would equal over $10.5 billion today, quite the starting budget.
The mention of R&D test and evaluation contracts reminds me closely of witness Ed,
who made claims of a joint UAP reverse engineering group operating between NELIS
slash Area 51 and Edwards Air Force bases. After his service in the Edwards 412th group,
Ed would work for USAF at the Pentagon serving on acquisition, integration and RDT&E panel.
It was here Ed would claim $34 and $40 billion were siphoned off in respective years to non-air
force TOA transfer of authority funds. Here in the introduction Corso breaks down some of the
breakthroughs leveraged from the foreign technology division and golden age of R&D
from studying reports and wreckage from Roswell and possibly other UAP recoveries.
Let's go ahead and break these down. The first technology are image intensifiers,
aka passive night vision devices. Corso stated the night vision laboratory at Fort Belvoir,
Virginia created these first generation devices with aid from 48 US industries,
all with varying knowledge of the project. Allegedly information gathered from the 1947
Roswell crash led to this breakthrough. Passive systems were indeed constructed by the US Army
in the early 1960s. However, many individuals such as Colonel John B. Alexander challenged
this statement. One of the most contentious technologies discussed by Corso is fiber optics.
This point of Corso's testimony has been highly contentious like much of the materials.
Allegedly at Roswell, the recovery team discovered what they thought to be a broken wiring harness
with each loose strand and emitting a different color. These wires were fiber optics.
Bell Labs allegedly utilized this technology to spearhead the greatest advancements
in communication history. Now this point is contentious because French scientists were
indeed working on early developments of fiber optic principles in the early 1840s. Bell Labs
was involved in the development of fiber optics in the 1970s where they improved the technology
and minimized loss on mass scale production. Now let's keep in mind, Corso does say some
of the non-human technologies leveraged were used to bolster human technology, so perhaps this
drastic Bell Labs improvement is one of these instances. And speaking of Bell Labs, let's
remember back to the testimony of Edgar Fouchet, who stated that FFRDC's Livermore Labs and
Sandia National Labs reverse engineered the propulsion system for the TR-3B alien reproduction
vehicle. According to the Majestic-12 documents in the Interplanetary Phenomenon Unit report,
Sandia has also served as a prime site for UAP crash retrieval and reverse engineering operations.
In fact, I have spoken so much about Sandia, I highly recommend committing them and FFRDCs
in general to memory. The telephone company AT&T was given managerial responsibilities
of Sandia National Labs by President Harry Truman in 1949. As of 1925, Bell Labs and their
engineering R&D department was placed under shared ownership of Western Electric and AT&T.
Very interesting connections here. Another alleged leverage technology were super tenacity fibers
from one single strand of fiber that could not be damaged. The Army at that time, according to Corso,
had a tremendous need for fibers, for flak jackets, parachutes, and other military items.
Important to note, dawn of a new age states these fibers were utilized to construct
composites for stealth technology and civilian aircraft, while day after Roswell states these
fibers were used to construct Kevlar, the material in bulletproof vests and made by DuPont in 1965.
Strange molecular alignment techniques were additionally studied from the Roswell crash.
The craft showed molecules down to individual atoms, had been aligned in various patterns
resulting in incredible hardness and resistance to scratches, stress, strain, and shear in metals
while all repelling cosmic particles and radiation. The Chief of R&D of the Army thought this to be
a truly consequential discovery and thus special teams were organized to investigate this chemistry.
Corso stated this atomic rearrangement could lead to incredibly strong yet light spacecraft,
but in 1963 and possibly through 1993 the Army had not solved this issue.
I personally have heard some similar claims that non-human craft employ materials with
interesting atomic arrangements. Corso also believed fluid application was leveraged from UFO
propulsion and guidance systems. Fluidic principles led to the creation of the heart pump. Even though
fluidic principles are quite old, they were not utilized commercially until about 1960 for the
demand for reliable controls in space research. Two of the greatest technologies exploited by
Army R&D according to Corso were the transistor and integrated circuit. As we mentioned above,
Bell Labs first introduced a point contact transistor in 1947. Jack Kirby of Texas Instruments
introduced the first hybrid integrated circuit between 1958 and 1959. Corso's testimony illustrates
a strange transistor with hair-like wires and leads and a chip in a stack of thin uniformly
shaped wafer-like components found in a crash retrieval. Quote, these formed complete electrical
circuits and developed into the micromodule concept. CRD said it would take 50 years to develop the
transistor and 200 years to develop the chip. It came in a short span of five years, end quote.
Corso does state this development occurred before the Golden Age of Army R&D, 1958 to 1963,
with advancements as early as 1947. As he states improvements were made to the existing technologies
in 1959 with the introduction of miniaturization of circuits. In fact, when Corso began his service
as special assistant to Trudeau in 1960, Trudeau would allegedly show in both transistors and
integrated circuits and engage in some philosophical discussion on the implications of harnessing
off-world technologies for human use. Perhaps this does indeed adhere to conventional history,
which states physicist Julius Edgar Lillianfield proposed the concept of a field effect transistor,
an FET, in 1926. But it was not possible to construct a working device at that time. It was
not until 1947 we saw application of transistors. The Lieutenant Colonel also stated the laser,
who many program members suggested was the EBE's method of communication over vast distances of
space was derived from the Roswell crash. As we know, the laser, which stands for light amplification
by stimulated emission of radiation, was created in 1960 under Bell Labs. And again, what was the
purpose of all of this R&D in Corso's own words, quote, to guarantee a superior competitive position
given the superior data by the accidental discovery at Roswell, we reduce scientific data
to a definite development to fulfill a military requirement. We never quibbled over who discovered
or invented the development. The feeling was if a discovery was adapted to a concrete development,
we would all be ahead in the game and the nation would benefit, end quote.
This reminds me almost identically of the claims made by David Grush regarding secrecy of legacy
program operations. So the reason for the secrecy exactly is what?
Feudalistic dominance, who can have both asymmetric technology for, it seems like,
just fueling the war machine. Grush says that through the 50s and 60s, encounters with the
NHI continued, as did the cover up. Key to mention here, it is stated in the manuscript
extraterrestrials never gave humans a thing. Not one scientific advantage came voluntarily.
Everything was garnered by accident or perhaps force in some cases. This raises a very interesting
point. Numerous individuals such as David Grush have flirted with the subject of agreements with
humans and non human intelligence. If these agreements do not involve technology, what do
they involve? And it's quite clear that you're talking about agreements between America and
non human intelligences. Have we made agreements with non human intelligences?
That's the kind of information I really hope national leadership is able to get to the bottom
of. I need to pin you down on this. Are there agreements between non human intelligences
and the American government? I think that's a question that I would
like to know all the details of as well. Or is it possible R&D programs were kept separate from
other compartmentalized programs that inherited technology, a separation of programs I believe
is active today? I think something that a lot of people don't ask that has kind of captured my
attention. During your time investigating legacy programs, did you see much collaboration
or compartmentalization between programs that may exist in Navy Air Force Army?
It's too snowpiped or compartmentalized. You can't open it up to another one unless there is a need
to do that. That need to get access is defined on a government form called the DD-254.
And the DD-254 documents who has access and why and what gets access. And if you're going to
have to get access to another compartmentalized program, then that has to be justified in the
DD-254. And usually that's not justified because programs don't really overlap.
However, Corso's claims NHI technology was taken, not inherited, mirrors closely the
claims of Fluxliner alien reproduction vehicle witness Brad Sorensen, who was told at the 1988
Norton airshow the basis for the ARV the Roswell wreckage was taken without the consent of its
operators. Another interesting parallel to today is a contractor Corso makes numerous mentions to,
the Sparey Rand Corporation. Not to be confused with the Rand FFRDC, Sparey Rand was a major
20th century electronics corporation and military contractor. Sparey Rand was additionally named
in General Trudeau's memoirs as a frequent spot for meetings. He would often meet with their CEO
and directors to discuss Army R&D projects. One such director was the legendary General Douglas
MacArthur. Sparey Rand went defunct in 1986 and many of its divisions became part of Honeywell,
Lockheed Martin, Raytheon and Northrop Grumman. Corso then goes on to mention a long list of
other benefits garnered from UFO technology exploration. One I want to mention is anti-missile
missiles for the Star Wars program. Long have I stated the Star Wars program, formerly known as
the Strategic Defense Initiative, had a secondary function to fund UAP programs and act offensively
against UAP. There is indeed interesting research to suggest although the program was set in place
by Reagan in 1983, Eisenhower established the program for UAP offensive action during his
presidency. The Colonel discussed the need for protection against the EBEs themselves. The
Lieutenant Colonel stated EBEs have performed acts of war with superior advanced equipment and
superior techniques. The threat internally was treated similar to the Soviets as a fig leaf
policy where the Soviets and non-human threatened existence but were not considered enemies. These
acts included the controversial abduction phenomena and mutilation as well as quote
spying on our atomic installations. Hindering missile and space equipment testing, hampering
our military deterrent and nuclear deterrent, halting and interfering with exploration of
moon and Mars, causing crashes of aircraft and casualties among military personnel and
tampering with human and animal genome, end quote. I would like to explore some of these
more controversial claims in a future project so let's hold on to this. This passage is key to
reflect on as in the revelations of David Grush we have heard people have been hurt and killed by
UAP but cannot attribute malicious intent to these intelligences. To conclude with the introduction,
Corso placed much admiration for the individuals behind exotic R&D. These veterans of World War
II in Korea were entrusted with the United States government's highest level deepest secrets.
Now that we have spent over half an hour investigating the introduction of the manuscript,
we can start to dive in and explore more of Corso's claims in depth. Throughout the
introduction of this document, we heard Corso recount for the reader much of his early military
career but quickly let's recap some of his highlights right before he met General Trudeau in
his own words. Well your career to the to the point that you meant the general was a very honorable
and fairly normal military career. It was in comp at this time because we were fighting the
war in North Africa in Italy and then I joined the general. I went to Korea last time. I participated
in the Korean War and I joined the counter staff over there and I came back and when I came back to
the pages I joined Kevin Heidenhaal as one of the military in the United States with the White House
and there my career for the team I was in the White House for four years and from there I took
command of of the military defiant, the army's military defying range, the White Vans and then
I took the command of the Germans and I became I stayed in command 18 months and then I became
Secretary General of the Army and from there I came back to the United States and General Trudeau
had reorganized research and development of the army and he sent for me and I joined him as a
special assistant and chief of the forces of the division. Corso claimed his military career saw
him earn nine clearance levels above top secret up to the coveted eyes only material for the White
House NSC matters. Achieving these clearances is when Lieutenant Colonel would claim he became
aware of UFO information though nothing pertaining to legacy programs or reverse engineering since
his NSC position occurred from 1953 to 1957. We can wager any interesting UFO information was
presented to him as Intelligent Staff O for the Operations Coordinating Board attached to the
National Security Council. Corso claimed his superior and the President Special Assistant C.D.
Jackson along with President Eisenhower himself were the only individuals aware of Corso's clearances.
C.D. Jackson here is Charles Douglas Jackson Special Assistant to Eisenhower and Government
Psychological Warfare Advisor. Jackson served as liaison between the freshly minted CIA and the
Pentagon. Jackson was also a member of the Committee on International Information Activities.
Corso did discuss how in officer school he began specializing in air defense and ballistic missiles.
Twice during his command of missile units unidentified objects were picked up over New
Mexico and Germany traveling at over 3,000 miles per hour. Corso was ordered to destroy
any records and tapes. Following service as commander of the 71st Missile Battalion in Germany
and Inspector General of the 7th Army, Corso was led to become Special Assistant to the Chief of
Army R&D Lieutenant General Arthur G. Trudeau quote. If Edwin Teller could be called the father
of the H-Bomb, General Trudeau could be called the father of the ballistic missile end quote.
And now we can get into some of the very juicy details. In 1960 Corso entered into his position
as Chief of the Foreign Technology Division having seen a small strange body while also being read
into some unknown UFO information due to his clearance levels and had been told of some exotic
technologies leveraged from off-world technologies by his mentor and boss Arthur Trudeau. But I do
find it strange Corso does not write about the 1947 non-human intelligence body encounter in
dawn of a new age as we observed and assigned affidavit. This is especially strange because
this encounter of biologics was relayed in the book day after Roswell so I guess let's go back
and hear this story recounted in Corso's own words. And I was instructor at the intelligence
school and we had an aggressor force that I was. Though one night I was post-duty officer. Post-duty
officer means that I was in control. For that night I was the one who checked all the guards,
checked all security areas, in fact checked the whole post. I was a duty officer that night.
And I went to the veterinarian section and one of a sergeant I knew very well was Sergeant of
the Guard that night. I told him, Sarge, how's everything around here? And he said, fine, sir.
I told him, you know, they told me to be careful to watch this area because you have a sense of
something sensitive here. He said, you want to see it, sir? I told him, yeah, let's go look.
And I knew this sergeant very, he was a master sergeant. I went back and there was five crates
there, like five or six, I think it was five. I listed one up and here's this body there and
floating in fluid. And I looked at it about 10, 15 seconds, not much more than that. So I put it
back down and said, Sarge, come on, get out of here now. I want to get you in trouble because
I'm the duty officer. I can go around and walk around here. But you might get in trouble for
coming back. Just come on, let's go, come out with me. So we went out and I told him,
where did it come from, Sarge? He said, well, five trucks came through, I'm coming through here
from an airfield in New Mexico and they're heading for Wright, Paterson Air Force. Now,
in those days, I wanted all these big roads now. In those days, Route 40 was about the only cross
country route. And the route that they took was Route 40, going through Fort Raleigh, Kansas,
and then up to Wright, Paterson Air Force. And I said, well, stay away from Sarge. I don't want
you to get in any trouble. I told him, I can walk around and see. So, and I started to figure,
what was that? First, I thought it was a child because it was small. Then I looked at this head
and all, right away, and this was only happened a matter of seconds. Then I put the end back down
and the head was different. The arms were spindly, the body was gray. So, right at that moment,
I figured, I don't know what this thing is. So, like an intelligence business, I just better put
it on back of my head here and wait to maybe in the future, I get cooperation so I can evaluate
what it is. As Chief of the Foreign Technology Division, the young Lieutenant Colonel would
receive, quote, all reports on foreign technology, which included foreign beans and events, those
not of this world, end quote. He would spearhead a team of Nazi scientists brought over from
Operation Paperclip, as well as US scientists and technicians. Some of these pieces of technology
were known to be from crashed UFOs, while others were educated guesses. Corso did recognize his
position arose almost exclusively from his close relationship with the infamous Trudeau. In fact,
Trudeau personally gave Corso what is now famously known as the Roswell file, a box of
materials and files pertaining to the infamous crash.
I opened it up and I started finding the material which he called later, Corso's Jump,
and there was a bunch of wires, which I didn't know what they were, which were immediately colors.
I didn't even know if they were wires. I had this chip, this integrated circuit, a laser instrument.
They could do like some of the fine cuttings that they save in manual simulations.
And I had also fiber optics and I had those and I recalled them. We started that because
one of my, and I had reports on autopsy that performed a law to read on our lab, which we
financed the law to read. And when I read that, it matched with what I saw for roughly 14 years
before. The whole autopsy was similar, what I'd seen. So then I start putting two and two together
and gradually these items will start, and then the general called me and said,
work out a program. Find scientists who are working on these things and shove them in there.
I told the general, I have to study these things old because really,
I told him, I'm not that bright. I don't know what these things and all of these things are,
but they're important. He said, well, Phil, they are important. Give me a program what they are.
Anyways, after Corso was designated as the chief of the foreign technology division by Trudeau
in 1960, Corso was given four subjects to keep track of. One, foreign development of this world.
Two, foreign intelligence and developments not of this world. Three, act as interim project
officer on select R&D projects and four, all other duties assigned as special assistant
to the CRD for the US Army. National security measures meant points one, three and four fell
into normal categories, but point two was a whole different matter. Many experts in the
know felt the army was helpless in the face of NHI technology. Let's briefly touch on some more
technologies and items featured in the Roswell report given to Corso by Trudeau. We have yet to
discuss amongst the physical technologies and reports on artifacts such as a paper thin high
strength metal found at the Roswell crash. Corso discovered autopsy reports discussing
beings almost identical to what he observed in 1947. Accompanying images show decomposed
bodies roughly four feet tall and medical reports detailed heavy variations to human anatomy and
organs as well as skin and bone composition. These biologics heart and lungs were very large
with a remarkably different muscular structure. The beings appear to have skin and bone structure
built to protect vital organs from cosmic action, cosmic radiation or gravitational pull.
And it is interesting, according to the manuscript, a transparent film over the eyeball
of the deceased EBEs led to Trudeau mandating the pursuit of passive night vision technology.
Analyzing every single file he had on the Roswell crash saucer, Corso did notice some
odd discrepancies between the beans and their craft. The files had no mention of food or nourishment
for the beans in the craft nor mention of water or drinking water or water for cleansing the body.
The files made no mention to refrigeration equipment, no mention of medical equipment
besides what the recovery crew guest was a first aid kit and there was no toilet or waste disposal
facilities or no rest and no recreation facilities. Corso and the OCRD believed these beans to be
clones or at the very least expendable creatures sent by some sort of intelligence. The chief
even believed the Roswell craft to be a reconnaissance craft that would return to a mothership for
necessities. The Lieutenant Colonel also reasoned possibly this species had solved gravitational
time dimensional travel and could instantaneously return to their base. Throughout the manuscript
Corso would often hint at multiple UAP or crashed flying saucers analyzed. It is frustrating we don't
get a total count besides confirmation of the Roswell crash as well as the 1947 July San Augustine
New Mexico crash in which allegedly a flying saucer crashed with no seams, joint lines,
rivets or weld joints. This is a ubiquitous description in almost all UFO crash retrieval
reports. So when I start putting all this on the extraterrestrial together and finally gave it a
name I told them it looks like you know these are clones and so the name came out extra extraterrestrial
biological entity that's what we figured they were better described than we never used the letters
ET there was no such thing. He said that they look like clones how they're clones not look like
clones they were clones we figured that they were created by some some other intellect and we also
came to the decision that they were made to specifically the travel in space because we knew
in those days that man could not travel in space some bones are affected his muscles are affected
his brain is affected man cannot travel in space so we came to the conclusion that these creatures
whatever they are are made to travel in space and gradually through what work we did we found
out that disintegrated with the flying saucer and with you because most of the failures making
by saucers were the guidance system that this creature was also the guidance system was part
of the engine of the flying saucer it is also fascinating to see how the team was inspired
and attempted to study harnessing brainwaves to control aircraft and anti-missile missiles
this inspiration came from apparent discoveries that these extraterrestrial biological entities
were part of the craft's guidance systems this may seem like science fiction however we do live
in an age where consciousness connection is indeed discussed with UFO craft piloting and
we came to a conclusion even in those days that these were the reason most flying saucers have
failed is because our conclusion was that this being is part of the guidance system he's part
of that saucer i've just had one of the most senior scientists in the u.s defense department
former admit to me that he was read into a ufo crash retrieval program i've spoken to well over
20 people now what i was told consistently was the technology is mind-blowing and they are not
in a position to be able to engineer it yet because it's just light years beyond what we
have it's a completely new type of physics is what one person said to me and you might be interested
in this jay because of the sort of direction that your interests have taken without expanding on it
expanding on it one of the people i spoke to told me that it had a lot to do with a mind
interface connection with the engineering that it was driven by some kind of consciousness or
some kind of intelligent connection with machinery that was beyond our understanding
shockingly we can add even more context to these claims by analyzing the files of the legendary
lennard stringfield and take a look at a report of a possible recovered vehicle or alien reproduction
vehicle that utilized headband transceivers to operate quote len spoke to a mr. hines who had
a source from bell labs the informants stated that he was on the flight line at a california
air force base in the early 1950s and saw a ufo retrieval brought in he allegedly saw a cutaway
of the recovered craft plus the headband transceivers worn by the aliens anyone involved with the
retrieval was subject to intense scrutiny and search apparently one man must have kept a
part of the craft and he mysteriously disappeared he was never seen again the source feels that the
man was eliminated end quote chief corso somehow stumbled upon information that the soviets were
running their own parallel to you o exploitation program this may have stemmed from soviet spies
in new mexico tipping off stalling to the roswell crash where stalling allegedly gathered the ussr's
rightus to discuss the captured saucer quote some of the items found and analyzed by the russians
possess a similarity of items gathered in the united states others closely resemble material
collected by the us army soon after the crash end quote impactful statement as recently dr
eric davis confirmed the soviets did indeed observe and collect at least one crash retrieval
in their own territory it is unknown how exactly corso came across this intelligence regarding
the soviets but it is no surprise after the words of david grush grush says the united states is not
the only country that's encountered nhi and their technology he says our geo political rivals have
their own crash retrieval programs which they are also secretly exploiting for military purposes
we're in a competition with their adversaries to understand this and it's a it's a multi-decade
cold war that uh has been under our nose for so long and you know there is no good way to level
the playing field and hold other nation states accountable if they're doing unethical or illicit
activity as it relates to this subject however far down the line in 1993 corso would ask old
acquaintances to acquire about recovered materials from a kgb general while much of the information
held as top secret by kgb and gru corso was given a list of materials you can see on screen now
let's temper our expectations as this list could easily have been disinformation given to corso
however one piece that stands out to me was a silvery tube found in the us in 1975 i wonder
if this possibly relates to the august 1974 chiwawa mexico crash i covered in which a us rapid
recovery team relieved a deceased mexican army squadron of a recovered craft possibly the soviets
traced this recovery and found materials missed by the convoy the foreign technology division
was working with lasers anti-missile missiles and directed energy weapons near the tail end of
corso's career lieutenant general trudeau retired in 1962 and the lieutenant colonel followed him
shortly in 1963 now what more can we learn about the foreign technology division and general
arthur trudeau trudeau is a member of the military intelligence hall of fame the general served in
world war two in the korean war trudeau served as chief of army intelligence but was relieved by
alan dolas director of the cia possibly for his extremely rigorous anti-communist stance the general
was shortly reinstated and eventually in 1958 the golden age of army r&d began according to corso
trudeau would then return to washington as director of army research and development the general was
so influential to the army he was one of eight former generals included in the army's 1970s oral
history project funny enough when trudeau was interviewed for this project corso was found
to be spending time with his friend trudeau in his kitchen this speaks to the close relationship
of the two and their friendship during and after their service and outside of corso we have only
one interesting piece to link the general to uap let's remember all the way back to forbidden
science where dr eric davis claimed bush senior stated he was indeed briefed by trudeau at the
1968 mendel rivers congressional hearings now i'm sure many are familiar with the united
states air forces foreign technology division that operated out of right patterson from 1961
to 1991 to reiterate the office created by trudeau and chiefed by corso was not this infamous division
the air force program evolved from air technical intelligence center in 1961 and was a sign under
air force systems command the division reportedly operated on recovered russian mig jets however
due to the stove piping of ufo legacy programs it would not be shocking to think perhaps this
program also engaged with technologies of unknown origins parallel to its army department
let's reference us army colonel john b alexander's book ufo's myths conspiracies and realities
i know i've had my problems with alexander before and his discussion of the som 101 majestic
12 special operations manual however this quote is important quote corso stated that he had been
transferred back to the pentagon under trudeau and a division had been created for him called the
foreign technology division this is not to be confused with the large foreign technology division
of the u.s air force at right patterson ohio it was learned that the army foreign technology
division was formed as corso stated and then disappeared shortly after his retirement end
this is a fascinating point as after general trudeau four star general dwight e beach took
over command of army rnd and from there on out we find nothing of foreign technology division
why is this army rnd office proven to exist yet zero foya documents newspapers or online articles
exist about the correct program numerous references can be found to the air forces foreign
technology division but not the armies i find this very similar to the army's interplanetary
phenomenon unit which was discovered through foya to exist only throughout institutional memory in
the army i do believe this inability to track down the army's foreign technology division to be of
extreme consequence if corso's testimony is indeed true there is much value we can extract here
regarding uap legacy program operations this would mean the office of the chief of army rnd
created a very real program hidden and shadowed from the public eye by the publicity of its big
air force brother at right patterson throughout the manuscript corso would even comment passively
on this difference stating project moon dust and blue fly reported materials and intelligence
directly to the air forces foreign technology division out of right pad and we can do some
really interesting research by reading a primer on research and development in the us army we can
see in 1958 under trudeau the army established the army research office under the ocrd due to pressure
from civilian scientists which served as a single contact in the army to maximize army rnd efficiency
remember corso stated army rnd truly began to flourish in 1958 when army began doing rnd away
from civilian and institutions with prime eyes one can then reason the foreign technology
division may have run parallel to the aro army research office out of civilian and congressional
oversight this reasoning can be further supported when the document states the army chief of rnd
would have a parallel line of authority to handle technical services on matters in his area this
would in turn give the chief of rnd trudeau authority on assignment of key personnel
and allocation of rnd funds to technical services this rnd primer document also reveals some startling
revelations the army's initial needs for managing rnd efforts led to the creation of university
research initiatives u r i's independent laboratory in-house research i l i r and independent
research and development programs irads some of you may remember irads as a funding mechanism for
legacy programs mentioned by david grush furthermore these u r i and i l i r programs would eventually
lead to u a r c and f f r d c two types of military and federally controlled semi-private
groups that likely operate heavily with ufo legacy programs what a fascinating document there is
absolutely more to explore here such as the thesis of how legacy program architecture was born out of
army rnd i do want to spend some time visiting some of the smaller aspects to corso's disclosures
we glossed over discussing the manuscript corso additionally made some extremely interesting
claims regarding some information he gathered long after his service corso allegedly learned that in
february of 1987 colonel herald e phillips of the defense intelligence agency chaired a pentagon
group called the ufo working group this group apparently still in existence at the time of the
manuscripts writing in 1993 originally consisted of 17 men one army and three air force generals
di a scientists an army colonel three nsa officials a supervisor from the cia's domestic
collection division as well as a technical team from the cia's science and technology director
it well for one where is the navy here as the navy is likely up to its eyeballs in ufo legacy
programs such as the off-world technologies division housed at the naval surface warfare
center in crane indiana it seems strange that between 1987 and 1993 corso and his ufo working
group intelligence source would not know or not make mention to the navy's dealings in
uap legacy programs but let's go back to the mention of the cia's science and technology
directorate and how it is of extreme importance here by numerous accounts the cia ds and t is
where the quote unquote ufo portfolio is held according to eric davis as well as chris sharp
and many others the director of this position glenn gaffney was the individual who stopped
lockheed martin from divesting uap material to osap in 2008 additionally former cia ds and t deputy
director dug wolf helped create the cia office of global access in 2003 which was accused by
excellent journalist chris sharp as serving as a logistics coordinator agency alongside jsoc
joint special operations command for uap crash retrieval corso was way ahead of his time to
make mention to this this ufo working group according to corso also received funding from
us army inscom intelligence and security command founder major general albert stubblebein in the
last few projects i have done i have talked at length about stubblebein and his likely work in
uap legacy programs including fort hachuka in the 1960s stubblebein was also allegedly the man who
tried to pay off steven greer in the 1990s and the alleged founder of the nsa's men in black treat
tactical reconnaissance engineering assessment team we'll skip over this for now as we cover
this in-depth with edgar fuchet and the flying triangle arvs but for now how about this inscom
special forces unit the illustrious intelligence support activity isa was handed over to jsoc in
2003 the same year wolf constructed the cia office of global access which allegedly used jsoc for
uap retrievals isa is often known as the most secretive and clandestine of jsoc units even
outside of the ufo working group just how intimate is us army inscom with legacy programs and does
this working group not sound very similar to a majestic 12 leg structure let's take this time
to briefly point out another distinction between the book and the manuscript in day after roswell
claims are made of working adjacent to roscoe hill encoder and the infamous majestic 12 personnel
list under eisenhower and truman dawn of a new age sees corso recognizing the eisenhower briefing
document report but how he never saw the report at the nsc and white house
the vast majority of criticism against corso comes from analysis of the day after roswell
and his claims of technology ceding the lieutenant colonel's military accolades are beyond question
we have already addressed the stark differences between the manuscript and the book the book
clearly added myriad details to spice up the story of corso the manuscript is well it's tough
reading but it gives us an unbridled look into corso's experiences the manuscript was also
completed prior to the release of the day after roswell colonel alexander and others were shown
the completed manuscript around the time of the book's release while alexander jock valet and
others are still very critical of corso's they all maintain the lieutenant colonel's story
never wavered details were never altered added or subtracted corso sounded like a tape recorder
you could rewind or fast forward to parts of his disclosures and always hear the same details
never any wavering allegedly corso had but 24 hours to edit the day after roswell book which
led to no oversight on all the creative liberties in the piece one must ask why the subject of this
non-fiction book was stripped of all creative control of the project in his book john b alexander
details a letter he wrote to corso about all the issues related to the day after roswell
mind you these criticisms are all leveraged towards the book still interesting to keep in
mind and i highly recommend looking at this nonetheless link in the description many discrepancies
regarding technology seeding has been thrown at corso some of which we have already addressed
jock valet for example well versed in computer science stated corso's assertions regarding
integrated circuitry were not documented facts colonel alexander himself had specific issues
with the passive night vision system mentioned by corso alexander stated the genealogy of
infrared and nvg technology can all be accounted for alexander detailed how he spoke to the
director of night vision laboratory at fort belvoir virginia dr lou cameron who flatly
denied how an eye lens of nhi aided in passive night vision breakthroughs legendary researcher
stanton freedman was also extremely critical of corso associating him with bob lasar which in
my opinion regardless of skepticism against corso is very inappropriate freedman criticized
corso for his grand story absent of evidence this is a viewpoint i can absolutely empathize with
but what does stanton have to say now entirely differently in terms of background lieutenant
colonel philip j corso came out with the book on the 50th anniversary of roswell first published
right in roswell called the day after roswell in which he claims that when he was at the foreign
technology desk of the army research and development command at the pentagon under general trudeau
he surreptitiously slipped the filing cabinet full of advanced technology wreckage from roswell
into the hands of american industry and he saved the world that's how we got kevlar and
micro integrated circuits and a whole long list of things and uh it was a great story
and the forward of the book was by senator strong thurman the oldest serving member of the senate
who said nice things about corso but in his intro his forward says nothing about roswell
in his manuscript and book corso was indeed what you could describe egotistical but in his
memoirs he never once claimed to have been some sort of world savior he was very patriotic and
simply aimed to strengthen the army this is obviously not freedman's fault as the book
was his only available analysis on corso at the time well they make a very long story short when
you start checking on colonel corso lieutenant colonel corso things just don't check out he provides no
validation for any other claims there's no index in the book either they say new
documents finally released there's nothing new in there uh and many people have gone through i
know one phd who was a colonel in the military who sent me a list of 92 false claims made in the book
92 i mean just technically wrong all over the place well you can blame that on the co-author
maybe but uh some of the discoveries of physicists just won a nobel prize for example for work done
three years before corso was connected with the army research and development group
he's a nice gentleman i met him while he was alive uh but his claims
senator thurman withdrew his forward wasn't in the next edition of the book because it was written
for an entirely different book about corso's activities corso talked about the fbi his good
buddy hoover when his fbi file was released uh hoover had nothing but bad things to say about
corso now it muddied the waters and got a lot of attention why would such a distinguished
military man well the real military people will tell you he only made lieutenant colonel after
22 years in a lot of lieutenant colonels not nearly as many full colonels so it's another
example of taking advantage opportunism if you will uh he also claimed that he was a member of
the national security council and a sworn statement for a lawyer was going to go after the government
and spill out all colonel corso's files well i checked with the eisenhower library not only
was never a member of the national security council which is very prestigious indeed he never
attended a meeting of the national security council he was a liaison between the security
council and some other groups uh it doesn't help ufology to have this kind of thing going on
people accept a great deal and his book sold well but i'm sorry it isn't what it claims to be
it's not a real expose of the truth about roswell and flying saucers and government's new technology
cut now in july of 2024 john greenwald and the black vault published documents released by
the fbi on corso and no no documents discussing ufo's a portion of these documents pertain to
in 1964 to 65 fbi background check on corso for his perspective position on the immigration
and national security subcommittee of the house of representatives corso had allegedly provided
some unfounded claims in the past according to these documents delivering a list of fabian
socialists to his good friend arthur trudeau the fbi was unable to validate these claims
corso was also investigated for spreading claims garnered from cia sources that lee harvey oswald
assassin of jfk was an fbi informant now oswald being either an fbi or cia informant probably
does not seem too unlikely to everybody regarding a soviet defector michael gullinowski the fbi
document state quote another government agency has characterized corso as a parasite who has never
produced any intelligence through his own efforts but has profited from information developed by
dedicated government agents and investigators end quote all of these critical files on corso
were cross references and not main files meaning the fbi never officially investigated corso
from these files it does appear corso liked to quote unquote waste the fbi's time making
accusations no content here actually discusses his duties with the foreign technology division
let alone the army and of course it is odd the selection of documents released when they were
released why are there no documents on corso's army position and why are there no documents on
the foreign technology division my greatest issue with corso arises from a massive firsthand
experience relegated to the very end of his manuscript remember corso claimed to have
witnessed an extraterrestrial body in 1947 observed ufo's on radar at ballistic missile sites in
1958 and 1959 and eventually studied materials recovered from uap crashes for the foreign
technology division corso's affidavit says as much without reference to the nike missile site
encounters however at the end of this manuscript corso recounts an incident while in command of
a missile silo at white sands missile range corso claimed while driving alone in an isolated area
he sought shelter from the heat in an abandoned mine within the mine he claimed to have encountered
face to face a bean of non-human intelligence the bean was drawn in corso's manuscript and
communicated to him telepathically we can also see him relay drawings of this bean in a long
lost interview featured on weaponized with george nap the bean wished to leave the surrounding area
however active radar interference from nearby installations were preventing its craft's
departure a common theory by corso and some roswell researchers is radar systems interfered
with craft navigation leading to crashes i am still very skeptical on this point corso
asked the bean what he would get in return for lowering the radar coverage the bean responded
quote a new world if you can take it end quote corso would then grant the beans wish when he
returned to his installation this experience was so profound to him he would often contemplate the
meaning of the statement during life corso would even relay this story to john b alexander
george nap and possibly others including a film to his grandchildren somehow danie she hand saw
i i found to be extraordinarily important the the little eight millimeter home movie that uh
that uh kernel corso actually uh produced to be shown to his grandchildren after he died uh this
this is this i i found to be extraordinarily persuasive that he and i got to see the film uh
but it wasn't supposed to be shown till after he died and uh and i was shown the film uh and it
shows him talking to his grandchildren saying that even though i'm gone now i wanted to make sure
you understood this and what he did is he talked about the fact that back in 1945 in july uh when
before we had even dropped the bombs on her ocean in nagasaki while they were experimenting
with the nuclear bomb uh out in the desert at ala migordo and white flats uh that in uh new
mexico he he in fact was one of the the security officers there uh and he said that they were seeing
ufo's he told his grandchildren uh from the from the grave basically on the bit on the little
eight millimeter home movie that he had been there and that saw the ufo's and that he took
a lunch break to go leave and went off into the hill somewhere to go to lunch and he saw one of
the craft that had landed uh it had been somehow disabled by the radar that was up all around
the proving grounds uh and that he had a direct contact with the ufo occupants of the vehicle
and they they communicated to him telepathically to please take down the radar just temporarily
to allow them to flee uh and he actually did that he told his grandchildren he went back
and as a range officer ordered them to shut down the the radar for just a short time to do some kind
of recalibration of it and at that point the ufo craft fled uh shot off into the sky now that's
that's corso talking to his grandchildren in a in a private never intended to be made public
uh eight millimeter film and so i found that quite convincing about corso uh so when corso
reports that he was actually put into possession of some of the technology that had been recovered
from the raswell crash i tend to give it a considerable amount of credibility and the
fact that the the various uh aerospace uh corporations tried to set forth some sort
of a long explanation about how they really developed the silicon chip they really developed
the fiber optics they really developed uh the other uh technology that corso attributes to the
raswell crash that's exactly what they would do there's not any doubt about it that they would
obfuscate and they would try to construct some sort of an alternative explanation for how they
developed themselves this technology and so i'm just saying that uh i find the corso uh a
testimony more credible than many people do i must be very clear here how shehan is indeed
incorrect about the 1945 date corso claimed this event occurred when commander of the ballistic
missile firing range at red canyon part of white sands this station was in 1957 to 1958 my issue
here is this is a truly consequential encounter if true initially i believed this passage to be a
dream or metaphor until i read more about how many others corso would tell this story to
unfortunately this is an issue that plagues much of the ufo realm witnesses stating disclosures then
adding well and then this happened and then that happened far after their initial disclosures one
would imagine such an intimate encounter with a non-human intelligence biologic would be featured
in most of corso's disclosures make of this passage what you will however it does leave
somewhat of a sour taste in my mouth that such a dramatic encounter is relegated to the very back
part of his manuscript hey guys it's uap kerb thank you so much for joining me as we took this 90 plus
around 90 minute deep dive into the claims of lieutenant colonel philip j corso now before we
get started and kind of give this conclusion a lot of the time you'll see corso mentioned as
colonel philip j corso i have never once been able to verify that corso was indeed a full bird
colonel so thus i try to stay true to what i know as fact and what i've seen on his military records
and call him lieutenant colonel philip j corso so the reason i took on this project quite often
i'll see people either pro corso or anti corso and much of their arguments crux on the day after
roswell book a lot of the people who disregard corso or put away his claims have a unsavory taste
in their mouth from the day after roswell whether that be to some of the unsubstantiated and wild
claims such as um corso forcing a cia guy to self-delete or some of the egotistical megalomania of
corso in the day after roswell book about him being a world savior and just some of the uh perfect
synchronicities of you know perfect descriptions of the roswell crash and rosco hillencoder and
the majestic 12 so i wanted to take a step back and read the pure manuscript dawn of a new age
of corso this is a 176 page manuscript if you ever watch this video again if you're interested
i do recommend reading the full thing however it is a very dreadful read most things are talked about
eight or nine times throughout the manuscript so it can just be a trudge to get through now i
do notice that there are still some differences between corso's affidavit and the dawn of a new age
manuscript and this being the description of the encounter at white sands in 57 and 58 which we
just touched on in the end of the video of encountering a non-human intelligence with
almost a different physiognomy to the bean he claimed to have seen at fort riley in 1947 so
that that description still leaves a bit of a strange taste in my mouth due to reading it
after about 120 140 pages into the manuscript at first like i mentioned i did think it was
a metaphor a new world if you could take it something to teach his grandchildren to learn from
but corso is alleging that this is a true incident he not only wrote this in a film in his manuscript
in a film to his grandkids that somehow she hand saw but also told john b alexander joc velay and
george nap about this experience so let's kind of dive into some of the things i found very
interesting because i do think there's a lot of very credible statements made in the manuscript now
i cannot speak to the veracity of the technology ceding claims um i'm not an expert in integrated
circuitry i'm not an expert in computer science i'm not even an expert in metallurgy that was one of
my worst classes material science in the university so i cannot speak to that that is why i tried to
put a balanced take of course those claims and some traditional history but what we can speak on is
some of the factual accuracies of us army r&d at the time you know i know we analyzed that primer
quite a bit so it was fascinating to see kind of the army's need for a centralized r&d project
under trudeau spearheaded in 1958 just like corso said that's when the golden age of army r&d
began it was also very interesting to see back in the late fifties and early sixties the us army
was trying to kind of get with semi-private institutions and universities in order to um
flourish under army r&d this is something that we talked about quite often f of rdc's and ua rc's
and reverse engineering programs and legacy programs utilizing these sorts of institutions for
probably material study uh and so forth and also the foreign technology division this is
something i think is one of the most crucial aspects of this video that i've seen almost
nobody else talk about the foreign technology division under which corso worked was us army
not air force this is not the infamous foreign technology division out of right pat now we can
ask ourselves why is there no information about this foreign technology division why can we see
nothing about it except in the actual military documents under corso uh i myself have some foya
documents out to try to investigate for this further but as we've known with the interplanetary
phenomenon unit with the us army there are some weird institutions that somehow exist through
institutional memory i'll be interested in to see if i can pry anything free from foya regarding
the army's foreign technology division however my hopes aren't necessarily high that being that if
this was indeed one of the first structured us legacy programs i'm sure we'll get no information
and i do want to touch on that because if corso's claims are indeed true and i look favorably upon
the claims of corso we'll just say that there's some claims that still bewilder me like the
nhi encounter and so forth but this program started in 1960 would likely be one of the first
structured us legacy programs utilizing corporations you know bell labs and some of the fortune 500
companies as well as universities and semi-private institutions so if these disclosures and testimonies
are indeed fact we can extract a lot of interesting data and worthwhile investigation here seeing how
legacy programs were structured and framework and that is something that could extend to today which
i find highly likely seen as i do believe in modern day or at least the early 2000s the army's role
in legacy programs has often been r&d to try and equip the modern warfighter with um reverse
engineer technologies of unknown origin there will be a lot more to discuss on that in the future and
hopefully as we move on over time we can try and crack into some of these legacy programs and and
talking exactly what about the army air force navy does and what contractors work under them and so
forth speaking of contractors sperry rand wasn't that an interesting details the memoirs of trudeau
and discussed by corso one of the one of the companies they met with often was sperry rand and
when sperry rand went defunct i'm doing this off the top of my head which i believe was 86
much of their information and engineering divisions were bought up by rathion northrop honeywell
and i believe rathion as well as bell labs i think one of the most interesting connections here
is bell labs being owned by atn t who in turn owned san had ownership of sandia national labs
under mandate by truman sandia is a usual suspect mentioned in the majestic documents mentioned by
edgar fuchsia mentioned in the interplanetary phenomenon unit documents that are still disputed
to this day so there's a lot of interesting data here to kind of analyze a hypothetical or very
much real us army reverse engineering program and speaking of that i'm also so fascinated by
corso's discussion of the ufo working group wasn't that interesting mentioning the cia
directorate of science and technology having a major position on this group of about 17
18 people on the board as we know with the work of chris sharp thank you chris sharp if you ever
watch one of my videos i'm honored you're you're an inspiration but that in 2003 cia oga served as
a logistics coordinator for ufo crash retrieval with the help of jsoc as we have just analyzed
the cia directorate of science and technology doug wolf spawned the oga and then us army
inscom and founder major albert major general albert stubble bind who corso said funded
the ufo working group under inscom in 2003 the isa the intelligent support activity
known sometimes as the activity the most clandestine of jsoc units was given over to jsoc and this was
all in 2003 around the time of the oga's creation which is allegedly the time the oga served as
logistics coordinator for crash retrieval if you don't know much about the isa i highly recommend
watching some videos on them they are some uh true bad people in terms of just their training and so
forth are really interesting i'm always interested in learning more about jsoc but i do want to know
what everybody thought about the video and corso after analyzing his claims in a vacuum purely
analyzing his claims without any of the nonsense and extracurriculars from day after roswell what
does everybody think let's get a discussion going if you do not know i have a discord come join that
i'll have the link in the description uh we'll probably have some conversations going on about
corso and so forth because i would really like to talk about that if anybody has any experience
or other information on the foreign technology division let's get talking because i think that
if you take one single thing away from this video i i would like it to be that the army had an rnd
program in the 1960s called the foreign technology division that there are no documents and no
data for all we know is that trudeau followed upon his retirement in 62 by dwight e beach forced our
general um we're in command of us army are indeed the office of the chief of army research and
development so there are some kind of clues there for us to work on further but i hope everybody
enjoyed this project we're coming up on a year anniversary of the channel i got something a
little fun to to revisit for that but thank you all for tuning in again i'd like to know what
everybody thought i got a patreon in the in the channel description um i don't gatekeep any content
everything i do is for the world to see um so if you want to support the channel only support what
you think the channel is worth with that being said guys we will get working right on the next
project and i shall see everybody soon please remember to like and subscribe and thank you
so much for tuning in bye everybody
