In March of 2024, the Infographics show, a popular and excellent channel with custom animations
and fantastic storytelling posted a video titled, US Special Forces Confession, I Recovered Crash
UFOs. Although the channel has covered the UAP subject in the past, this entry stood out entirely.
The video covers the testimony of an individual who encountered a crashed UAP while serving in
Vietnam. With engaging storytelling and mesmerizing animations, the Infographics team highlights how
this sighting saw the soldier read into covert UAP operations and details his work on the program.
Astonishing details of UAP crash retrieval and reverse engineering are highlighted in this
account very similar to the claims of David Grush. I'm sure many people saw this video,
enjoyed it, and moved on. Just as many watched it and thought, huh, I wonder if this is real.
But the narrator starts this video with a statement that almost forces us to analyze the
entire video line by line. Note, the following is based on testimony provided over a series of
interviews and written correspondence, edited and cut together in an attempt to create a cohesive
timeline of the events as described. Do these events recount the experience of a real anonymous
whistleblower? Is this story rooted in fact, and are there elements we can verify? And why did he
speak to the Infographics show? Hey guys, it's UAP Gerb, and thank you for joining me as we conduct
a full breakdown and analysis of the Infographics show's US Special Forces Confession, I Recovered
UFOs. Since its release, I have played this testimony over and over and over in my head.
Is it possible that these events and details recount the true testimony of someone on a UFO
crash retrieval program? I think it is well worth investigating their story. Searching for holes or
confirmable elements, because this could very well be the most crucial first-hand whistleblower of all time.
To start, our witness states, and I will be calling him our witness for the duration of this video,
that our story begins in 1968, during the Vietnam conflict along the Vietnam-Kimbodia border.
Before we get into his story, we do have two interesting Vietnam cases that may be contextually
relevant to our Infographics whistleblower. We can check in on the ever-relevant Stephen
Greer redacted witness log to analyze the statements and emails of witness 10622.
10622 served as CTR Communication Technician Radio in the US Navy from 1966 to 1970,
on the Bonhomme Richard aircraft carrier. It was in June of 1968 on official duties,
he received scrambled messages mentioning at least 11 UAP were tracked on visual and radar.
And on September 9, 1968, several US helicopter pilots and soldiers stationed at a Marine Corps
base in Dong Ha, Vietnam had a close encounter with a fast-moving object. This object had green
and white lights and engaged in maneuvers for 20 minutes. Anyways, our witness states his US military
unit was performing an LRRP, a long-range reconnaissance patrol tracking supply routes into
South Vietnam from Cambodia, as well as marking out sites for a B-52 bombing raid the following year.
This tiny snippet in the video gives us so much to unpack. The following year of 1969,
a covert bombing raid did in fact occur. On March 18, 1969, the Strategic Air Command commenced
Operation Menu, not declassified until 2000 by President Bill Clinton. Operation Menu was a year
long B-52 bombing campaign that ravaged Eastern Cambodia, and that mention LRRP may be one of
the most significant pieces to solving this puzzle. Long-range reconnaissance patrol was a special
unit acting in Vietnam, Company E 52nd Infantry, attached to the 1st Calvary Division in the
US Army. This unit operated in Vietnam from 1967 to 1969, well within the time frame of our witness
and participated in two of the largest battles of Vietnam, the Tet Offensive and Siege of Que Son.
In late October of 1968, Company E 52nd Infantry was relocated and headquartered at Phuoc Vinh,
north of Vietnam. The division's area of operations was designated along the Cambodian border in
Tainin, Bin Long, and Phuoc Long provinces, all in South Vietnam. These areas contained
significant routes for enemy infiltration into the Saigon area from Cambodia. So if our witness
is telling the truth and this crash is real, this event occurred in October to December 1968 within
the Company E 52nd Infantry, LRRP, stationed out of Phuoc Vinh. So far, his testimony lines up exactly
with real events. And finally back to our story, a quote unquote object appeared overhead the witness
in his platoon, emitting a bright red orange glow appearing to be melting. The object quickly moved
out of sight, but only five or six seconds later, a large crash followed by a dull thump
reverberated throughout the jungle. The platoon figured this must have been a US plane, so knowing
better than to risk long range radio communications being intercepted by Soviet agents, they moved
to secure the crash site. Arriving at the site, the platoon knew immediately this was not a US
plane classified or acknowledged. The only prosaic explanation the soldiers could think of was a crash
base probe, something from NASA or the Soviets. The craft was egg shaped, dull gray and metallic,
and seemingly cracked open. Again we see the description this craft appeared to be made
from a single piece of metal with no bolts, seams, or screws. This sighting and craft description
give us a lot to work off of actually. What immediately stands out to me is this red orange
glow the craft emanated while flying over the jungle. There are two cases within our crashes
timeframe that are worth mentioning that are similar to this. We can look to November 22nd
of 1968 to NICAP case 681122. On this date in Albany, Georgia, a glowing yellow white oval UFO
was seen from a car, directed a light beam at the vehicle and flew away changing colors to red and
orange. And let's head to move France on December 15th 1968. Reported in a book translated as UFO,
the first complete file on close encounters in France. We can find a case where an egg shaped
object the size of a car moved quickly without making noise, emanating orange reflections.
But let's not forget an event that occurred just a year earlier on March 24th 1967 highlighted in
the sworn affidavits by Captain Robert Salas and others at Malmstrom Air Force Base. I covered this
case in my UFO and nukes video, but this event saw a red orange oval UAP appear over the base,
disabling the ICBMs of Malmstrom. And this mention of an egg shaped object comes up again and again
in ufology. We will talk about this more later in the video with the witnesses experience within
the program. But let's look at the testimony of aerospace contractor Eric Taper to Aero,
who recounted an egg shaped metallic UFO being kept at Area 51 in the 1980s. The description
of this craft is almost identical to the Vietnam encounter. And lastly, the molten feel of the
craft reminds me closely of the mother of pearl effect displayed on the skin of the craft Lance
Corporal Jonathan Waygant claimed to have observed in the jungles of Peru in 1997.
Our platoon of Marines called in the crash only to hear there were already birds in root and
ordered to secure the crash. Quickly, a pair of F4 jets fell into orbit overhead. The mention of
the McDonnell Douglas F4 Phantom II may seem small, but this is actually a huge detail in our
story. In June of 1986, former Betul Corps contractor James McCamble told ufology Jacques
Valais he met with a military contact with the wild weasels, a codename given by USAF for aircraft
equipped with anti radiation missiles and tasked with the suppression of enemy air defenses in
Vietnam. This contractor told McCamble F4 jets were equipped with EM detection equipment to detect
UAP during the war. Dr. Steven Greer may have an additional witness adding valuable context these
claims. Witness 10272 claims to have worked for a UK based contractor installing low observable
radar assemblies on F4 fighters at area 51. Along with these claims, the witness alleges to have
been involved in the evaluation of hardware from NHI craft. Anyways, infantry then touched down
and acted in perimeter security, but I want to note the witness states they were allowed nowhere
near the craft. They were deployed in a wide swath. It took two days for the craft to be removed from
the jungle, all with the help of SOF, Special Operations Forces, Navy and Air Force officials
on site who had already been read into the program. The mention of the Air Force is no surprise here.
Ever since the 1947 Roswell, New Mexico crash and the involvement of USAF General Roger Raimi,
the Air Force has long been entwined with the study of UAP. Again, I would like to recommend
my Moondust video and USAF Document AFC-1E draft policy, which states Project UFO and Moondust,
both headquartered out of the Air Force, have collection responsibilities for UAP
and descended foreign space vehicles. The Navy is a bit more interesting. Sure,
we have Rear Admiral Timothy Gallaudet, who speaks openly about UAP and OPNAV regulations to restrict
UAP reporting I covered in my USO videos, but I can't help thinking about the Wilson Davis memo.
After all, if this memo is true, which I fully believe it is, DIA Director and Vice Admiral
Thomas Wilson was Stonewalled from reading into the program. This was our witness's first ever
interaction with the program. Throughout Vietnam, several rapid reaction units were on standby
for retrieval purposes, and it's here the witness adds some interesting context.
That's what everyone called it, the program, and there were several rapid reaction units
stationed throughout in theater. See, we learned from the Korean War that these things are attracted
to conflict, and I guess that makes sense. It's probably one of the most interesting things we
do. A lot of people think this whole mess started in World War II, and maybe it did,
but the program got put together during the Korean War, and that's when it was official.
The Korean War lasted from 1950 to 1953. While the first US-based retrieval of a UAP occurred in
Roswell in 1947, it is possible the program took a few years to put together. If we are going to
believe the MJ-12 documents, the program in charge of UAP investigation, crash retrieval,
and reverse engineering, operated under US President Truman and briefed President Eisenhower
who took office in 1953. This means the program was put together during 1945 more like 1947 to 1950,
fitting in nicely with the realm of the Korean War. We can of course guess the program was already
implemented by 1950 when senior radio engineer wrote to the Canadian Controller of Telecommunications
in the Department of Transport stating the US was actively engaged in studying UAP in an effort
so classified it rated even higher than the H-bomb. This information was provided to the
engineer Wilbert B. Smith by physicist and member of the US Research and Development Board and
student under Einstein, Robert Sarbacher. I highly recommend my video on this subject,
as it very well may cover the early days of the program. The witness also states,
these things are attracted to conflict. Well, we know from numerous stories including
Robert Salas and Mounds from Air Force Base, UAP have a direct interest in observing and interacting
with nuclear arms. We know from the testimony of Bob Jacobs, UAP have even an interest in dummy
flights of ICBMs. And if the 1953 Kingman Arizona crash is true, let's remember this happening
during Operation Upshot Knot Hole, which oversaw extensive nuclear testing. It certainly looks like
they want to understand how far we've advanced in our nuclear fizzle kind of technologies at the
very least. I mean, it looks like preparatory probing activity. It might be innocent kind
of scientific gathering. Could be ISR probing. Anyways, it was at this time the witness and
his fellow platoon mates were read into the program. Joining the program was by force.
The soldiers were faced with this or a general discharge. Likely drug charges are an Article
15, which gives military commanders an easy way to punish minor infractions breaching military
conduct. This draws my attention to an alleged crash retrieval that occurred on April 12, 1954,
related to Leonard Stringfield by a witness K.A. You can read about this in Stringfield's UFO
crash retrieval status report three, amassing the evidence. And the link, of course, will be in the
description. In this incident, K.A. and the USAF crew rescue four out of Roswell Air Force Base
were dispatched to a site 25 to 30 miles northwest where they observed a metallic saucer crashed
edgewise into the sand with a dome in its center. A ground crew and fatigues was already at this
site prevented the men from getting closer and began tagging debris and scattered NHI bodies.
K.A. returned to Roswell was debriefed for three days in a quote unquote living hell and told by
men identifying as intelligence officers in civilian clothes not to speak about the incident.
Reading to K.A. a law that referred to a fine imprisonment with hard labor and general discharge.
Our witness states his introduction to the program was highly compartmentalized.
He was only told what he needed to know. This mirrors accurately the compartmentalization
discussed in the Wilson Davis memo. The four programs that referred Admiral Wilson to the
program were quote part of it in different compartments placed in different layers of
the compartment's pyramid split up to do different things of parts of it. It is interesting to hear
our witness state I didn't even realize those damn things were from space until I actually saw a body.
So some of these craft are indeed from space and some are manned vessels. We know from my
fast walker video there is factual evidence USG elements had a term for objects entering or
leaving Earth's atmosphere denoted as fast walkers and defense support satellites were likely
used to monitor these objects. And the subject of bodies can be pretty contentious but like David
Gruss said well naturally when you recover something that's either landed or crashed
sometimes you encounter dead pilots and believe it or not as fan as fantastical as that sounds
it's true. The witness states the more he figured out the more he was read into the program.
He never learned all the truth but knew enough he felt compelled to come forward especially as an
aging gentleman. Serving in Vietnam I would put this individual's age at around 74 or older
and claiming he had been out of the program for 20 years means his service in the program
occurred from around 1969 to 2004. The witness even discusses David Grush commenting on his
approach to speaking publicly and labeling him a patriot. He even confirms the involvement of
aerospace contractors and sophisticated disinformation. I don't think we need to expand
on these topics too much in general as I have multiple videos exploring the full involvement
of Lockheed Martin and Battelle Memorial Institute's interaction with UAP and fully covered the
birth of the UAP stigma. Check out those videos for some valuable context here. After being read
into the program the witness's unit was put back on duty but broken up and placed in horrific
combat engagements. Five of the original 12 died in combat. I know five of the original 12
died in combat. Three more badly wounded. I think they were trying to kill us off. If this broken
up team still served with the first Calvary Division LRRP we may in fact be able to track these
names. Of the 1,000 men who served in this unit 45 were killed in Vietnam and Cambodia.
And the witness states a year after the initial crash he was officially brought into the program
where his primary job was no longer being a soldier but he was now part of the program.
So with this information we can conclude that these soldiers were killed between October to
December of 1968 where the crash occurred and October to December of 1969 when he was brought
into the program and we'll give an error factor of around plus or minus let's say three months.
I have actually found a memorial site dedicated to those served and fell in the LRRP unit within
the first Calvary Division. Analyzing the casualty list we can try and trace the deaths of these brave
soldiers from the time of our crash October to December 68 and our witness being read into the
program October to December 1969. So we're left with 16 possible names. If we filter out soldiers
who died of non-hostile actions we are left with eight possible names. If our witness is telling the
truth five of eight of these names are likely platoon mates of his who observed the crashed
egg-shaped UAP. It didn't happen often but these things did fall out of the sky where people would
see something land or witness beings happening more often than people know and we'd swoop in as
fast as we could in case there was anything to snatch up. I think we pulled three total
craft out of theater and not just Vietnam. Damn near started a war with China in one recovery.
Up to three craft in Vietnam well perhaps there are others who can expand on this. Within
Stephen Greer's redacted witness list we return to again and again and again we find witness 10659
quote first hand involvement in Vietnam crash slash retrieval of ET craft involved directly
with ET technology POC to other military UFO events including dad's presence at 1954 Edwards
Air Force Base UFO landing. I do think this witness is separate from our infographics witness due to
the claims of dad's presence at a 1954 Edwards AFB landing. The witness comments how one retrieval
almost started a war with China the program only getting the upper hand due to China's primitive
early warning systems. David Grush has commented on this a multi-decade long cold war between the
U.S. China and other U.S. adversaries. We're in a competition with their adversaries to understand
this and it's a it's a multi-decade cold war that has been under our nose for so long and
you know there is no good way to level the playing field and hold other nation states
accountable if they're doing unethical or illicit activity as it relates to the subject and I think
the up to secrecy is actually putting us in a very dangerous position where a country might make a
breakthrough let's say we that's an adversary of ours and it is so destabilizing. You say there's
been a cold war behind the scenes with Russia and China. There has been a cold war against our
with our with our peer adversaries yeah. The witness also states recoveries in the ocean would be
near impossible that Europe was another hotspot for UFO activity. This was due to curiosity
towards the always militarized European mainland especially within the Cold War and a few decades
removed from World War two. Europe was able to keep a tighter lid on the subject especially with
the European populace quote turning their nose up at the whole UFO thing end quote.
The crafts themselves were extraordinary that's the only way to describe them I wasn't there for
every single recovery obviously but they kept collections of them in different places and
I got to see two of the collections. The question of craft housing and material handling is done
is always fascinating starting with a quote unquote collection of craft as we know from
David Grush the USG is in possession of up to 12 to 15 craft. When you say crash retrieval what
do you mean? These are retrieving non-human origin technical vehicles you know call it
spacecraft if you will non-human exotic origin vehicles that have either landed or crashed.
We have spacecraft from another species. We do yeah. How many? Quite a number. You're kidding.
No. These claims have been echoed by numerous whistleblowers including alleged S4 project
Aquarius biologist Dan Burish. Sit tight for a video on him but he claimed nine hangar bays housed
UAP and reverse engineered vehicles including the 1953 Kingman Arizona crash at S4. The witness
states Wright Patterson and the foreign technology division is a red herring that this is where the
Soviets would have immediately come looking quote we faked some stuff going into Wright Patterson
and quote it's likely in the early days of the program Wright Pat housed both crashes and biological
material and we only have to look at Roswell to guess that this means that either before or during
the witness's tenure in the program program duty shifted away from the airbase and any sort of
material or crash hiding at Wright Pat from roughly 1969 to 2004 our hoax is perpetrated by
the program. Now there is some conflicting information here as I think back to the testimony
of Senator Barry Goldwater who in 1975 was Stonewalled by General Curtis LeMay into accessing
the blue room at Wright Pat where UAP information and materials were likely stored. Possibly this
means Wright Pat held a database or record of UAP and program activity but not actual materials
and biologics. There were these co-opsites run by the government and the big defense contractors
people like Raytheon, Boeing, everyone knows their names but also people like Texas Instruments.
It was a whole umbrella but the little guys only got a tiny piece of the puzzle. Some guys from TI
would get a piece of something and then be asked to figure out how it works never being told where
it came from and on its own I'm sure these eggheads had their suspicions but it's hard to tell if
something's actually alien. Raytheon, Boeing, and Texas Instruments are specifically name dropped
and we can infer TI is one of the quote-unquote little guys mentioned here as the witness proposes
the example of TI getting a little piece of something. Can we find one interesting connection
for each of these three companies? Well to start we can find Raytheon name drop specifically alongside
Lockheed Martin, Aerospace Corp, TRW, etc. by Lockheed Martin astrophysicist Bernard Haish
as one of a major aerospace company in which the legacy UAP programs hide. In 1956,
Boeing was mentioned in a special weapons study of aviation studies examination of
electro-gravity systems. This piece references a project winner haven which suggests construction
of a saucer creating a local gravitational field designated to serve as a USAF interceptor.
Boeing was one such company mentioned on working on these anti-gravity rigs.
When we hear Texas Instruments we think of the TI-84 calculator that got me through college at
least I do. But TI also operates within the aerospace and defense industries. Unfortunately,
there is not much to confirm here as the only link to TI I can find is a 1961 establishment of the
Southwest Center for Advanced Studies by TI to work on gravitational physics.
And finally on to everybody's favorite subject the craft. The witness makes a very curious
claim. Although he knows these craft can operate in a microgravity medium he does not know if they
are really spacecraft and wonders if quote that's where they want us to think they are coming from
end quote. The witness comments ufology has done a pretty good job at compiling craft shape.
So you got your flying eggs your tic-tacs I guess you now call them we just call them pills your
old fashioned saucers bells triangles whole message shapes but the ones that crash are
almost always the eggs and the bells. In Aero's data from 1996 to 2023 we can actually find the
most commonly reported UAP configurations. Factoring out spheres and lights which in my opinion
often have a more possible prosaic explanation than other configurations we can see commonly
cited craft shapes accurately reflect our witnesses list. Eggs and bell shapes are the
most frequently crashed objects according to our witness sometimes disintegrating on impact
and our witness claims these are likely unmanned drones. We have already covered some really
interesting and possibly credible eggs and oval shaped objects Eric Tabor and Jonathan Wagan.
But what about this bell there is a fascinating and perplexing case that occurred in 1965 in
Kecksburg Pennsylvania I plan to cover soon. Allegedly a bell shaped almost acorn object
crashed in the area. This case was covered extensively by Leonard Stringfield so if you'd
like to brush up before my video I recommend reading his UFO crash retrievals the inner sanctum
status report 6 and if you remember from my Robert Sarbacher video Dr. Eric Walker an alleged
original program manager claimed to have been on site and at location for this crashed object.
Our witness declares the saucers are the crown jewels and he only ever participated in the
recovery of two such craft. I probably don't need to dive too much into the importance of
discs or saucers in UFO lore but let's see if we can investigate the witnesses aid in a crash
retrieval in South America. The saucer we recovered and hit the side of a rocky outcropping on its
way down it smashed the rock to pieces then took out a quarter mile of trees if it had happened
on the outskirts of civilization the whole UFO mystery would have been public knowledge by now
that's how much destruction that thing cost but the craft itself was relatively unharmed.
I will be using the date frame 1969 to 2004 I derived earlier for our witnesses time in the
program. I can find three relevant cases for my all-time favorite crash retrieval handbook
Magic Eyes Only by Ryan S. Wood. We will not be covering the 1997 Jonathan Wagan Peru case
or the 1978 Moondust retrieval in Bolivia as these craft are explicitly stated as not saucer-like.
One example can be found that was also relayed in the notes of Leonard Stringfield dated March
23rd 1978. In his notes Stringfield spoke with one Bob Berry who claimed a UFO crash retrieval
occurred on November 11th 1975. Berry close to Lima Peru this craft was unmanned and measured 12
feet high and 8 feet in diameter. If what our witnesses saying is true and mostly egg slash
bells are unmanned this may not be a saucer but still worth mentioning the outer surface was
metallic with material deemed to be non-terrestrial. Another possible event occurred in Potorio's
Chile 1978 pulled from the files of Bob Pratt also he learned while in the area a year later
a tremendous explosion occurred that woke up all 3,000 people in the area all houses shook and
everyone thought a blast furnace had exploded. Engineers determined the event was an air burst
the explosion occurred in the air and the blast force exerted downwards. Following the crash
American operatives and NASA coveralls arrived at the scene questioning witnesses. An American or
Soviet spacecraft maybe but when Bob Pratt filed FOIA request to NASA and the CIA they responded
they had no data on the event. And we can find a third case that's also mentioned in Stringfield's
UFO crash retrieval syndrome status report two new sources new data which discusses an October 3rd
1980 saucer crash in Piedra de la Guía, Argentina. Here witnesses in a 300 mile radius saw what
appeared to be a saucer shaped fireball come down from the skies and explode near 7 p.m. Some
witnesses claim the fireball flew in circles before crashing exhibiting intelligent control.
Captain Carlos Lima then head of the space research division of the Argentinian Air Force
officially investigated the incident he found four burned spots circular and 10 to 18 meters in
diameter and notice what appeared quote to be the product of combustion originated by liquid fuel
or some sort of material with a very high temperature end quote could any of these cases are possibly
the Varginia Brazil case so excellently covered by James Fox be the crash our witness mentioned
when the witness reached the administrative side of the program he learned saucers were formed from
a single piece of material or put together at an atomic level quote even the entrance is invisible
until it actually opens and quote but interiors could be accessed through destructive and non
destructive means I have recently covered two witnesses whose claims mirror these statements
identically MS who declared the UFO he observed undergoing inspections at Dugway Proving Ground
was quote flawless like it had been 3d printed and RB who claimed the saucer he guarded in
1963 had a door panel with tolerances so tight not even a piece of paper could fit through the seams
the first mention of biologics comes with the South American saucer retrieval
once access was gained to the craft the interior reeked of decaying organic material the quote
unquote things inside were dead I call them things on purpose not out of disrespect or anything like
that I just don't think any of us were ever convinced they were actually living creatures
well not in the sense that you and I are these biologics featured a crude digestive system
only enough to process basic proteins and such leading the witness and program to believe these
things were similar to biological androids the typical gray alien depicted in media is
allegedly accurate but these beings are a little taller than the famous humanoids and possess
large but not massive eyes the witness remarks how these beings were raised in a dimly lit
environment supported by their dimly lit craft these creatures feature long limbs and knees
quote not in the right places end quote the subject of almost android like living beings has been
echoed by many including dr gary nolyn I think that part of what we are seeing here I mean look
if you're an intelligence are you gonna go down on a planet with a bunch of angry monkeys
who might kill you no unlikely you'll send some intermediary well what kind of intermediary
you're gonna send you're gonna send something that maybe almost looks like them but isn't them
so I think and this is again from inside the intelligence community most of what we think
we're seeing are avatars biological robots that are basically put there to be the minions
if you will and that's that's the current view of that's a that is a it is a hypothesis living
by a logics had been recovered by our witness specifically at a near UK based retrieval this
event occurred at the same time of a meteor strike in the UK area and I actually think I may have
found this incident this story occurred in May of 1996 in Boyle Ireland locals witnessed a meteor
or an aerial craft heading towards land appearing to misjudge its approach shearing trees and landing
in the lake allegedly several occupants were taken into custody by a retrieval team and significant
military activity including American soldiers continued for the following six months even
local police were instructed to stay away the American soldier bit here is key as our witness
states Europe has a default agreement with the United States that recovered materials go to the
US but quote that's the price you pay for having a superpower watch your back at this crash site
the witness states two of five of the craft's crew survived light bruising covered the dead from
the hard landing the program has ruthlessly strict protocols for dealing with live biologics
according to our witness these rules include never leveling a weapon at a bean and for that matter
security is positioned well away and out of sight from the biologics immediately taking
readings to ensure nothing toxic or hazardous is present near the craft and medical personnel
are then sent to the craft area or interior including the lead doctor known as the ambassador
who always spoke at least english chinese spanish and russian the biologics at this uk crash just
stood around aimlessly solely reacting to basic stimuli as the team entered the craft after the
door opened on its own the beans were even let out of the craft like school children in this
instance and almost any other where live biologics were recovered the witness remarks the beans live
at most a few days before they keel over dead these points alongside the fact that beans could
breathe earth's atmosphere are used by the witness to support the hypothesis they are like drones or
biological computers like gary nolan said whatever's making these things just creates a biological
crew when it needs one and they do their job and nothing else at least that was our theory because
their bodies didn't seem built to last and the eggheads found it suspicious that they were able
to breathe our atmosphere so easily of course we do not have access to any living or deceased
nhi biologics in the public sector so are there at least any parallels we can draw from the witness
the subject of biologics and their taxonomy is one of the most contentious subjects in uap the
visual of the classic gray alien small beans varying in color with elongated limbs frail bodies
enlarged head large to enormous eyes tiny to non-existent noses and mouths have been echoed
since the dawn of uap lore from roswell to kingman to abductee claims to myriad files in the lennard
string field files similar descriptions of non-human biologics pop up everywhere and this
isn't mentioning countless accusations of the program being in possession of living and dead
beans unfortunately this is also one of the most lied about and hoaxed aspects of the phenomenon
so for now we must stick to the direct confirmation of biological retrieval confirmed by grush sometimes
you encounter um dead pilots and relate statements of quote little gray men whose ships had crashed
or had been shot down being kept on ice by the air force technology division at right paterson
air force base end quote as stated by former special assistant to the deputy director of the cia
victor marchetti our witness goes back to pondering why it is saucers and maybe one or two other
types actually have a manned crew i'm guessing maybe one of these is the triangular shape the
witness in the program had a theory quote this was all being fabricated for us and even tasked
nasa to look for where something like a big 3d printer could be in the solar system some facility
or computer just making these crafts and these things and sending them to earth and sometimes
they crashed or they just landed and didn't take off like whatever was doing this wanted us to
recover the craft i don't know if they ever found anything though there was some excitement for a
while it's hard to hide heat in space and obviously making these crafts on such a large scale
would give off a lot of heat or maybe not maybe they use physics we don't even understand these
are some very charged statements with a lot to unpack we do know around the time of our witnesses
involvement in the program nasa openly denied studying ufo's however we can find a letter to
nasa chief of ground operations safety dated december 13th 1977 this page observed only via
foyer request is directed towards the nasa administrator about ufo's detailing quote what
could be a piece of a ufo end quote was examined at los alamos for a period of over two months
additionally on page 121 and 126 of this black vault pdf detailing nasa foyer requests we can see
internal memo admit the agency conducted a ufo hard evidence analysis program titled ufo heap
around the late 70s and this 3d printer has actually a very real basis in 20th century physics the
idea of a universal constructor or self-replicating automata was first proposed in the 1940s by
physicist john von neumann who by the way was listed as being involved in ufo recovery along
with vanavar bush and robert oppenheimer by physicist robert sarbacher i talked about earlier
his theory explores how a sub faster than light civilization can colonize a galaxy the automata
involve robotic or nano robotic systems that replicate by creating miniature copies of themselves
which grow over time such a feat would require an abundance of material so maybe this heat signature
the witness mentioned occurred near our asteroid belt but the replicator hub nestled within the
dark regions of a solar system for creating craft and i guess biologics is an extremely plausible
scenario this even rings identically to the alleged four-chan whistleblower who stated a ufo
replicator lies within our oceans and these statements by our witness quote whatever was
doing this wanted us to recover the craft and quote is widely known within ufology as donation
craft this subject has been touched on by david grush call it spacecraft if you will non-human
exotic origin vehicles that have either landed or crashed is the subject of eric taber's
aero testimony as this egg-shaped craft was simply found untouched in the desert and features
in many corners of ufology the witness makes multiple mentions to failed in 1990s successful
attempts to down uap craft one failure occurred in iran and i am almost positive this is the 1976
iran major jeffari case the successful downing of uap craft is something i have covered often
including in my last video where witness tb states the usg developed technology within the star wars
program to down craft people have been hurt by these craft according to the witness but theorizes
this is incidental and a byproduct of the craft themselves manned or unmanned the craft have
the ability to distort perception and mess with minds quote unquote anchors were formed for recovery
operatives to keep them grounded in reality for instance if you and i were on a security team
and approached a craft would say okay the craft is resting up against a big oak tree and there's
a gray boulder on the other side you think of that picture and it would help with the confusion
whenever that effect happened kind of warded off this messing with human cognition has been
mentioned extensively by dr gary nolan and even mentioned an atyp slide nine leaked from christ
for melons personal website and lastly what do they want the witness doesn't know the program
strongly supports the donation theory where the craft are gifted maybe the technology is gifted
to not cause massive disruption within our own evolution we had another conclusion though this
one more disturbing maybe they just left these crafts lying around because they were easy to build
hey guys thank you so much for watching as i broke down the infographics whistleblower who
claimed to have first-hand experience in the crash retrieval program my objective of this video
was to analyze some of these claims relate them to ufology at large as well as try to investigate
as much as we could about this whistleblower to see if their testimony and the individual is fact
or fiction so i think i feel pretty confident in us being able to kind of determine the time frame
of this initial event in vietnam occurring october to december in 1968 in company e 52nd
infantry in the first calvary division l r r p close to saigon and south vietnam probably fourth
long and i'm pretty confident in five of the eight or nine names i may have messed that up who
following died in combat after the initial sighting of the uap from our whistleblower and i'm also
pretty confident in this introduction to the program october to december in 1969 and his years
of service 1969 to 2004 i'm also medium confident on the three south america crashes and ireland
uk crash that occurred in 1996 these are all uh not very known cases pretty kind of low key but
you know these kind of fit our timetable fit um fit our interest fit what we were looking for so
guys i do have a theory on who this whistleblower might be i now this could very well be false
i don't think it holds much water more so than dates and kind of interesting coincidences lining
up because if i had to put money on it i do think this whistleblower is offering some uh true testimony
here i don't think this is as simple as just something fictitious is a very interesting
testimony and a lot of things that line up to you follow g yet large but the theory remember
just a theory uh for those of you who watched my last video the witness tb do you remember the
general that he said showed classified uap derived cloaking technology in 2004 and was thus
investigated demoted a star and retired this is general john m rigs guys i think it's possible
that this whistleblower is this aforementioned general general john m rigs why do i think that
well john m rigs enlisted in the u.s army in 1965 was commissioned a second lieutenant in 1969
and he then went on to achieve 1100 hours of flight time earning himself a distinguished cross
remember what he said in theater in vietnam a rapid reaction unit this would make sense that if he
then got his uh flying license in the military helicopter pilot he would have then served on
that rapid reaction unit possibly providing perimeter security and and flying the team there
right so his time in the military was 1965 when he enlisted 1969 when he was commissioned an officer
to 2004 john m rigs was forced to retire in 2004 2005 so this lines up exactly with our witnesses
tenure in the program as well and our witness states eventually he moved over to the administrative
side of the program right well john m rigs was promoted to general and higher up in the military
worked with congress he was also stationed at a u.s army base in in um i'm trying to look in in
germany i'm not quite sure when this is but this would line up with our u uh u k based crash would
it not kind of a as our witness says that europe is always ready in a constant state of war that
you know these objects are attracted to conflict there um again this theory doesn't hold much
water but we know that if this story about john m rigs is true which i do believe it is because
i do with the credibility of of tb's claims mr rigs is also well aware of uap drive tech
reverse engineering and crash retrieval efforts and let's not forget once he retired after allegedly
showing a bae systems employee classified technology he went on to then serve as an aviation
and strategic defense consultant so not much besides dates and i don't want to kick off an
investigation i can't control because there's still so much more to investigate with this but
that is my little theory right now um if you guys have watched this and you have another theory
let me know what it is because i'm i'm investigating i really want to get to the bottom of this because
this is such an interesting story and as we can see that a 25 minute video takes over 40 minutes
to kind of analyze and not just watching the video right like you guys know i'm not just a
screen cap in the video plan me pausing every couple of minutes and giving my thoughts no we're
linking documents we're linking cases we're linking relevant video footage and clips so
yeah that shows you how much meat is on the bone of this specific case i think it's enthralling
and i really have tried to get in contact with the infographics team everything short of paying
to to become a member of theirs to join their discord which i i just might at this point
because i really want to find this out but i hope you guys have just as great of a time
kind of sifting through this video as i did in and joining me on this venture as we try to learn
more about this whistleblower and determine if this is a real individual and real experience
i know i find the um the biologics the androids one of the most interesting things ever since
grush came out last summer of 2023 and talked about biologics that statement as he testified to
congress biologics dead pilots as he said to ross colthart has enthralled me and and hearing gary
nolan talk about the hypothesis of biological androids that's just something i found so interesting
if any of you guys listen to the podcast mysterious universe i think this was back in 2017 i can't
remember exactly when they did a show on this exact subject kind of like the classic grays being a
biological android so for the better part of a decade now i've been thinking about this theory
it's just been so interesting to my head so you know watching this whistleblower say that these
biologics are like children respond to basic stimuli keel over and dead and die when their purpose
is done it's just so fascinating to me so in the comments guys let me know what you think please
remember to like and subscribe always remember i got a patreon if you think the channel's worth
anything i don't gatekeep any content uh just support what you think the channel's worth and uh
please let me know what you think i'd love to get some more discussion around this video and i
will catch everybody on the next show thank you
