Okay, let's see.
I think we should be live at this time.
If anybody can hear us in the comments, let us know.
I'm here with Voler Records.
Let's see, this should update the number of viewers
in just one second.
Sometimes it's a little laggy.
Okay, cool.
It looks like we're starting off with 40 people.
If anybody can hear me in the chat, please let me know.
And then we will cut to the chase
because we have quite a bit to talk about today,
quite a bit of really interesting stuff.
Okay, cool.
All right, what's up?
See, Britt and I see you.
So guys, I'm here with Voler Records.
A lot of you probably have heard of some of his work.
I wanted to kind of link up and speak to him today.
Let me just pull up what he's been working on a little bit
so we can kind of get a little bit of baseline
for what we're gonna talk about.
So Voler Records recently, I would say,
when did you start this, about August?
About three weeks ago.
Okay, he has put out an eight-part series now
at this point that covers the relationship
between UAP Legacy Programs, the Bush family,
the 1933 Magenta Case, Dick Cheney, companies like EG&G
and the Carlisle Group, including a part eight
that just recently came out.
I haven't got a chance to read that yet,
so we'll talk about that today.
But the sort of the amount of research here
and the quality of the posting is just so fantastic.
I know he's worked closely with a lot of other people
I've talked to, such as C. Britton in the chat,
363942, Max Parr, Kermit, all fantastic researchers.
So Voler, if you'd like to introduce yourself a little bit
and kind of tell us a little bit
how you got into investigating the phenomenon
and then how you said that all the talk of Dick Cheney
being at the top of the UFO pyramid inspired you.
I'd like to hear how you got into this subject
in this specific research project.
Sure, like a lot of folks been into this stuff
since I was a kid, kind of terrified and fascinated
at the same time, was buying books.
I just turned 44, so I was of an age where it was like
right when, unsolved mysteries and sightings
and all the shows were coming out
and growing up an 80s kid.
Yeah, and I was buying books.
I had a little section on my bookshelf
of like UFO cases and stuff.
And yeah, I never really lost interest
but it kind of came and went in terms of intensity
and yeah, we were talking right before we went live.
I think in 2004, there was the famous case
of the Mexican pilots, I'm pretty sure it was Mexico.
And it's like the seven lights, craft, whatever
that they see and that was a pretty big deal.
And I think that was about the time that YouTube hit.
And so that went pretty viral, you know,
until the point that, you know, it was like Mexico
and Venezuela and a few other central
and South American countries.
And I know it was Sweden and I don't remember who else
but, you know, there was an attempt
to building this kind of international coalition
for transparency, you know, and of course,
the United States didn't wanna have anything to do with it.
And then, yeah, I mean, cut to 2017,
we all know what happened there, you know,
it was such a huge thing.
And then in 2020, you know, with really nothing to do,
you know, I was pretty involved with the protests and stuff.
And I think once a lot of that started quieting down
in the fall, I was just all in on this
because everything else was so messed up, you know,
it was just kind of like, okay,
like we're in a pretty bad spot, you know,
kind of all around.
And so yeah, just a lot of my free time was spent,
you know, watching stuff and listening to podcasts
and just kind of soaking things in and, you know,
we'll talk more about this,
but I think a lot of this has been about, you know,
normalizing a lot of this stuff.
Yeah, I know we were talking about it a little bit
and it's something that's featured heavily in your research,
is kind of calling back to statements Grush has made,
whether on his news nation appearance,
whether at his congressional hearings.
And it sounds like Grush was like a massive influence
for a lot of your work.
And would you say that, especially in July of 2023
with Grush on news nation, the Senate hearings,
that kind of kickstarted you to research this in depth
into a subject?
Yeah, I mean, I would say I was already there,
but definitely, I mean, that changed everything.
Right.
That was such a huge deal.
I mean, Elizondo was a big enough deal.
But yeah, Grush, I mean, Grush spun me out.
You know, I remember I had a whole,
the whole next day I was just like,
in a weird haze almost, you know?
And it was funny because I kept thinking
things were gonna change right away, you know?
And we're still here.
I mean, the lots happened, but you know, I think
so much of this has been about learning, you know,
kind of the way Matthew Pines has been talking about it.
You know, this sort of word of mouth desensitization
and normalization and, you know, you can still kind of
go about your day and, you know, I think
because of the fluid nature of media now
and the way that we consume it,
you can very easily see some crazy UFO video
and then keep scrolling Twitter or whatever,
you know what I mean?
And you're just like, oh, okay, that's pretty nuts.
And then kind of move on, you know, to a degree.
But yeah, I mean, I think, I'm not really sure.
I'll say it was around, we were talking about this,
but, you know, before we started recording,
but I think it was around December
that Ross Coltart did a talk at a library in Victoria
in Australia.
And at the very end, he mentioned EG and G.
And I think it was JT4 and some other stuff.
And I think that was when I got past the cool video part
and started actually digging in to like,
oh, we're talking about, you know, companies
and organizations and agencies and this stuff, you know,
this is a lot bigger.
And I know there were people there before me, you know,
it's funny now, going back, looking through Reddit
and stuff, doing research where it's like,
oh, people were there even before Grush, you know,
they started digging in.
But for me, it was kind of moving past some of the shock,
I guess, you know, and getting to a point where it's like,
yeah, this is more than real.
It's like, there's just, the history of this is a lot bigger
than I think any of us had realized.
Yeah, and that's something I really appreciate about
kind of your work in the eight parts we're gonna talk about.
Videos to me at least mean very little.
And I'm super vocal about this almost every video I do.
It's kind of the hard nose paper trail,
the official documents, the alleged documents,
the alleged involvement of certain contractors
and three little organizations that that's kind of
the research avenues I like to go down to actually kind of
move a conversation forward instead of just going in circles
about some lights in the sky footage or and so forth.
Right, because there's not that much to do
with that necessarily.
No, no, yeah.
But that's why we're all here, you know, to a degree.
So I'd love to just kind of dive into part one here
because part one of your eight part series really starts
to focus on the introduction of the Bush family
and their involvement with the creation of the OSS,
Alan Dolis and then 1933 Magenta, Italy,
Crash Retrieval case, something I've covered a lot before.
So I'd love to just kind of hear some summarization
and points of that post.
If you'd like to share your screen as well
to kind of go through research, we can do that.
Otherwise I can show some stuff because I think
especially the base point here, part one is,
is super consequential, especially with the implication
of the Brown brothers and Harriman and so forth
that I learned from your work.
Oh, really?
Yeah.
So yeah, I having been so active on Reddit a few months ago,
I think it was 363942 started a little private chat
with a few of us.
And that's when we started kind of bouncing things off
of each other, you know, because really it was just them
and Harry's white timeline.
Right.
Like I'm a, you know, I think in terms of narrative
and a literal, you know, editing timeline,
like let's start looking at it like that
and it'll make it easier to piece this stuff together.
So yeah, eventually, I mean, it really was just the last
two or three months maybe that, you know, a lot of that,
it was like, I was seeing Bush's name pop up
in a lot of the earlier research.
And then, you know, we kind of would all keep digging
in different time periods and yeah,
just started coming together more, you know,
and the Brown brothers, Harriman stuff.
I think we were kind of on that.
And then I, it was really just a few weeks ago, you know,
I've been watching a lot of the She-Han interviews
and he had mentioned Bush a few times
and there's the story of, you know, him or Carter,
you know, bringing him in to brief him
and Bush saying, no, and then I,
one of the last interviews he did, got two weeks ago,
maybe it was right before I started posting this.
He pretty much spent his entire hour
only talking about Bush.
Yeah, that was the October 18th,
year right to know interview, I believe so.
It's one of his most recent ones.
Yeah, maybe it was with,
was that the one with Jeffrey Mishlove?
Yes. Yeah, yeah, I'm pretty sure, yeah, yeah.
And that's where he really starts to dive into Bush.
I think H.W. Bush as well was mentioned by Lou Elizondo
as kind of having some sort of knowledge
of UFO craft retrieval programs
or just an estimate of the UAP situation.
Yeah, I don't know if I saw that, yeah.
But yeah, just kind of,
this whole thing is so crazy, you know,
I think a lot of these, I mean, these posts,
I was just banging them out basically late at night.
You know, I just take up for, you know,
six or seven hours and just like,
I feel so weird walking around with this stuff, you know,
I have to get it out of my head.
So how did you, sorry, I'll keep on Reddit here
instead of Medium, because I'm not signed in here.
How did you start to connect H.W. Bush
and the Bush family to Magenta?
Because Magenta, of course, is a case
for anybody that doesn't know,
is a case that occurred in 1933 in Magenta, Italy.
It was a crash lenticular object
that was taken in by Mussolini.
Mussolini had theorized that this was
an ally of experimental aircraft, American or British,
but some of his engineers, such as the RB,
why can I remember right now?
The RB in a number thought this was sort of an NHI craft
or early thoughts of this.
And then eventually information was channeled
to the Americans from Pope Pius, the I can't remember.
And eventually in the Pius the 12th,
and in the closing years and days of World War II,
somehow the Americans were able
to get their hands on this craft.
So how the heck did you connect that
with Alan Dolos and the Bush family?
So really I have to give most of the credit
to 36, 39 here and Harry before that,
before he kind of dropped his mic on Reddit.
Yeah, I think Dolos had been coming up a lot
and I wasn't even that familiar with him.
And so much of this has been a true history lesson
outside of the topic, in terms of the inner workings
of the CIA and all that stuff.
And it's funny, I've been going back and kind of building,
I've made a couple of supercuts last few days
of times that Grush and other people will discuss this case.
And he explicitly says, like the OSS retrieved this,
when I was in the CIA, et cetera.
So it was kind of put in our hands right away,
but I think some of us had gotten there
in a roundabout way in seeing Dolos pop up,
and then learning about OSS,
and then it was like the more it kept going back,
and even towards the end of this kind of thread series,
it was just like, this is so crazy.
This is all one story.
This is all like a small group of people.
If you go back to Brown Brothers, Hairyman,
it was Herbert Walker who was Prescott Bush's father-in-law.
And Prescott Bush was H.W. Bush's father, correct?
Right, so then it's Prescott Bush
is running that company with Avril Hairyman.
Later, Hairyman goes on to become,
I think he's Eisenhower's secretary of state.
He's calling a lot of shots in the government post-47.
So it's the two of them at this agency.
Eventually, Alan Dolos has lead counsel there.
Some of these folks knew each other from Yale.
There's a huge skull and bones connection.
Yeah, I realized again towards the end of this,
the skull and bones was a primary recruiting source
for the CIA at the behest of Prescott Bush.
Well, you really, I mean, we started to see
how a lot of his power was very, very centralized
within a small group of people.
And that George H.W. Bush was eventually at the head of it.
He's kind of brought him to the fold in the 40s
after he graduated from Yale.
Yeah, and H.W. Bush was as kind of a higher up in the CIA.
He was kept under wraps for a while, right?
Up until his almost presidential run.
Right, and it came out in 88
when he was running for presidency.
There was a paper called The Nation,
I think it's a UK paper,
and the journalist had found out that Bush had lied
about how long he'd been in the CIA.
He said he'd been brought in in 76 as the director,
but really he was traced back to like 61.
And apparently he was briefed about JFK
within the week after the assassination.
And then people have been commenting the last week or so.
There's been some closer connections there possibly
about him being in Dallas and taking a flight around
and making some anonymous phone call and all this stuff.
And yeah.
So one of the things that really kind of part one
of your research relies on is a book that She-Han
was kind of advertising on his shelf during an interview.
This book is called Nazi Hydra in America,
Suppressed History of a Giant.
And this was featured on his shelves.
And throughout this book,
this talks about how Prescott Bush helped
like the Nazis ascension in kind of a,
alongside the Brown Brothers and Harriman and so forth.
So can you talk a little bit more about that,
how Prescott Bush and the Bush family was actually kind of
entwined with the OSS as well as Hitler's ascension
and kind of the fascist party rise in the U.S.
there in the 30s.
Yeah.
I mean, those guys helped fund the business plot in 33,
which was kind of parallel with Hitler at the time,
you know, and that they were trying to basically
overthrow FDR after he was inaugurated
and install, you know, a fascist dictator.
And that failed, you know, sort of Hitler's plan.
And eventually, yeah,
they all forget some of the details
cause a lot of worries, Rushdale.
But, you know, those guys were at the core of banking
and Wall Street and the steel industry
and shipping and a bunch of stuff.
And yeah, they were actively funding the Nazis.
And set up a separate bank basically,
specifically for that, you know,
and they got in trouble for that later.
But it was all the same people, you know,
it was Prescott Bush.
I think, I don't think Harryman was involved with that.
You know, I think he was actually pretty upset
because he was Jewish.
Or he was Jewish or his wife was Jewish,
but he went to Germany and came back
and forced his brother to close their office in Hamburg
once he saw what was happening,
I think in like 35 or 36.
So one of the players you also talk about
on the American side of things,
of course we talked a little bit about Prescott Bush,
George H. W. Bush, we'll talk more about Alan Dolis,
but is James Angleton,
who later on in his life became an OSS agent.
This was the kind of intelligence organization
that preceded the CIA.
Angleton was a child in 33 living in Magenta, Italy.
Was he not?
He was in Milan.
He was like three miles away.
He was in Milan, three miles away.
Yeah, so possible they were first hand witnesses
or they definitely heard about it.
And he was the youngest agent
under Bill Donovan at the time, right?
Yeah, he was like 16 or 17, yeah.
So of course, now with these early days,
have you been able to make any connections
with specifically Dick Cheney
and kind of the Bush legacy of the Magenta crash?
Only in that Prescott was there.
Like Prescott for sure knew about it.
And you got Dolis, Donovan, Angleton.
Most of these people were Yale.
It's like the whole Bush family was Yale, Skoll and Bones.
Angleton was Yale, maybe Skoll and Bones.
Donovan was Yale, maybe Skoll and Bones.
Dolis, I forget.
But they were all part of the same like white elite,
university dudes who basically formed the OSS.
Right, because of 36, 39, 42,
some of the crux of his research in the Magenta case
is analyzing Alan Dolis and the good old boys
and how they arranged the intelligence
to kind of get the UFO out of,
whether it was Germany or Italy at the time,
but post World War II,
specifically revolving around Alan Dolis.
That's how most of his research applies.
And I find it really interesting,
you were able to bring Skoll and Bones into this.
If any of you don't know Skoll and Bones,
especially for our European audience,
Skoll and Bones is a US based secret society.
Think of in the early 2000s
when Alex Jones infiltrated the Bilderberg group.
Skoll and Bones is a Yale society.
Who knows what they get up to?
I think there's rumors that they burn like an owl effigy
or just do very strange stuff.
But throughout, it's so strange,
but you were able to connect,
let me find some of these members.
You were able to connect guys like Alan Dolis, George HW Bush,
Prescott Bush and so forth to this secret society.
How does, would you say Skoll and Bones relates
to kind of OSS, CIA and legacy possible programs?
I mean, I guess, you know, because it just so happened
that it was those guys that were coming out of,
you know, not just that university, you know,
but that specific, you know, secret society fraternity,
whatever you want to call it.
And then those were the guys that formed the OSS, you know,
and then in 47, those were the guys
that formed the CIA post Roswell.
So it was kind of like they've been in on this
the entire time.
Especially cause there's one individual here
I'd like you to expand on a little more,
Richard Bissell, who declined to be in the Skoll and Bones,
but by this I can assume he attended Yale.
Tell us what, so tell us what he said to Harold Malmgren,
former president, daughter, father, presidential advisor
and very, very senior member, Richard Malm,
Harold Malmgren, sorry.
Right, right, right, yeah.
I mean, that was really new to me, you know,
I know that went pretty viral, you know,
at least in this community when he tweeted that out,
but yeah, I think he said in 63 that Bissell had told him,
you know, about it an exotic, you know,
reverse engineering program,
and the era of, yeah, NHI, you know, tech basically.
And then it turned out that, yeah,
Bissell was at Yale at the same time.
He declined to be part of Skoll and Bones,
but his brother was in it.
So there's a good chance he knew those guys back then as well.
You know, he was brought in, I don't know his history,
I haven't read that into it, not much into it yet,
but you know, in 47, he's asked by Avril Harriman,
a brown brother's Harriman to basically run the Marshall Plan
and go over to Europe, talk them into borrowing money
from the US, you know, for reconstruction.
And so you start to see that Bissell, you know,
becomes this new figure at the heart of this, you know,
and in 50, at some point,
he's working for the CIA after that.
And I think it's in 54 that he decides that Area 51
is gonna be a good spot to test out a new aircraft.
Right, Bissell, yes, that's a great point.
Bissell proposed the site of Area 51.
Right, right.
And Bissell told Malmgren, I think the exact quote
was of like an other world technologies.
That's right, yeah.
I know that phrase very well,
because of course I have covered an alleged
off-world technologies division,
and when Malmgren made those outstanding statements,
I can't tell you how many people kind of sent me screenshots
of that tweet.
Oh, really?
So he set up the space for Area 51.
Right.
And then...
Oh, sorry, go ahead.
Quick with Bissell, I just, I don't remember.
I know I think I had included it, you know,
it's kind of at the tail end of things, but so 54,
he decides on Area 51, 55 versus, I think it was 55.
He brings the plans for the U-2 to the Air Force
and they turn them down.
And so he has CIA pilots test flying the U-2 in Area 51.
Right.
And what's interesting about that is Area 51
and the U-2 program out of Area 51 was also sponsored by,
that remote detachment was sponsored by
Edwards Air Force Base, California,
who was also laterally connected
to reverse engineering programs.
Right, okay.
That's also a very interesting point.
So you have in your timeline here,
kind of starting in the 1930s with Brown Brothers
and Harriman and Bush families
and how the Bush family helped Hitler rise to power,
but was also instrumental in forming the OSS.
You mentioned the Roswell crash in 1947.
Come 1948, you mentioned a company called Dresser Industries.
How do they play into this?
Oh man, yeah, this was huge.
This kind of, yeah, this tied everything together later on.
So Dresser Industries was a company that was bought
by Prescott Bush and Alan Dulles, I think.
And they used that company to start Zapata Oil
in I think 51 and they put George H.W. in charge of that.
And so this is where a lot of the things where it's like,
oh, okay, the same people that have access
to this exotic tech are the same people who started Big Oil.
So they're running things in all directions at the same time.
And they're also, of course, directly involved with the CIA.
So you can start to see that
these things are all part of the same story.
That's something that, although he's quite controversial,
that Steven Greer talks about quite a bit.
I know in his redacted witness list,
he has witnesses from companies that I'm highly suspecting
or something like a general electric
who talk about knowledge of suppressed kind of
exotic technologies to kind of reinforce the oil industry
and continue dependence on oil and so forth.
Oh, interesting, okay.
As well as other companies like AT&T and Bell Labs.
So Greer talks a lot about kind of tight energy
and oil tycoons having knowledge of exotic technologies,
but continuing the suppression.
Oh, interesting.
Okay, that makes sense.
Yeah, I mean, it's, yeah, I mean, this is when, you know,
things start getting really crazy
because you start to realize like, cool,
this is just kind of one empire
that's been running the whole show.
You know, and as far as dresser industries in the 90s
when Cheney, oh, there's so many players now I'm gonna forget.
That's all right, there's so many people.
Cheney was secretary,
Cheney was secretary of defense for Bush.
Is that right?
Yes.
But George HW and at the same time,
they're making oil deals and arms deals and stuff.
And he's doing stuff with Halliburton.
And then after George, after Bush loses,
I think Cheney goes in a private industry for a little bit.
And in 98, Halliburton merges with dresser industries.
So that's when you start to see
these like legacy families come together, you know,
the Bush empire that had been going on for decades.
And then this new Cheney empire that started,
I don't know, I guess in the 80s, you know,
maybe there's more business dealings before that,
but you start, you know, and you see in 98,
like that's when they joined forces, you know,
before the election.
That's fascinating, research trails like that
just kind of uncovered.
I'm astonished you were able to pick on
some of these intricacies like dresser industries
and so forth.
Oh, it was so crazy.
Because every, I mean, you know, again,
I was just staying up late and doing this
and it was really hard to keep track of it all,
especially because I was writing it out, you know,
kind of as I found it, you know,
because it was still astonishing.
And I was worried if I didn't get it all down
and post it, I'd forget it because I was just,
there was so much information involved, you know?
So that's why I actually started this,
the night that that tweet about Cheney came out
because I was like, oh, okay,
this is, there's something really, really here then,
you know, I have to really get this out of my head
and get it all down.
And yeah, just the more I kept digging,
it was just like, oh, like every time,
every single time I was writing these out, you know,
I was just like, this is all completely insane.
Now, I find it so interesting.
What was the interview in which the interviewer states
that Grush said that Cheney sat on top of the pyramid?
What, who was the interviewer?
I can't remember the show.
I was Walter Kern.
Walter Kern is, I think, the editor,
editor-in-chief of the County Highway,
which is the new print-only newspaper
that came out last summer.
And I think the second issue did that interview with Grush
that I didn't know about till a few months ago.
And then, of course, there's the 2000, 2001 radio show
in which a researcher, Grant Cameron,
who from a presidential UFO called in,
asking Cheney about programs.
And Cheney said, if I was briefed into one,
it'd probably be classified and I couldn't talk about it.
Right, right.
And I might have forgotten to include it,
but four years later in 2005,
there's a story I found from the Herald Tribune
where Cameron was trying,
I think he was trying to fly,
he flew into California to attend
some UFO convention or something.
And I think he wanted to try and track down Cheney
and custom stopped him
and they made him go back to Canada.
Oh, I haven't read that.
Yeah, I might have forgotten to include that in the post,
but, so yeah, I mean, Cameron knows a lot of stuff,
you know, obviously.
Have you had a chance to dive into his file base?
I used a lot of his internal research files
for my Kecksburg research.
No, I feel like I'm actually behind on a lot of people
as far as the stuff goes,
because it's like, I think we're all just consuming
different things at different times.
And then, you know, that's when we start
to kind of boltron it all together.
Right.
You know, because that's, it's just so big.
You know, and I think that's the point, you know.
I wouldn't be too hard on yourself there.
Cameron has, I think he posted a picture of his office
before he uploaded all of his documents
and he had an entire office filled with just papers.
I don't scratch the surface of going through his files
on Eric Walker, Lyndon B. Johnson, and kind of James Webb.
So there is so much more to go.
I don't even know how any of those people are involved.
Yeah, so.
So let's, now let's hop on to part three.
A part three and four, I think we're actually combined,
right?
Yeah, I posted them.
I think I was having trouble.
I was posting too soon or something.
Oh, OK.
Yeah, because I got, I saw one post was wrong.
And I just, I wrote them both pretty quickly.
So in part, what was the crux of kind of part four
that you were talking about?
You mentioned a lot more on the players of Alan Dolis,
his death, you were talking a little bit about Gerald Ford,
which was pretty interesting, the church committee,
and so forth, a little bit about Cheney and Rumsfeld.
So what was a little bit of the crux of your research
here in this part?
Yeah, I think that was, yeah, again, I mean,
these were almost extreme of consciousness.
I don't really remember exactly.
Right.
I think it was tracing back how everybody knew each other
and knew probably about this subject.
And so you've got Nixon, who was Eisenhower's VP.
And Eisenhower, very famous stories about him
and possible meetings and agreements and stuff.
So of course, Nixon probably knew something too.
And then I'm forgetting exactly, but I think it was in the 60s
that Ford and Cheney and Rumsfeld first all met working.
Whatever they were doing, I forget exactly now.
But those guys go back to the mid-60s, basically.
And then in the 70s, when Ford takes office
after Nixon resigns, he installs Bush, a CIA director,
following the church committee.
Basically, the CIA was in shambles post-Watergate.
They were completely busted.
And so they installed Bush.
After Bush has had this very strange career of having,
I think he was in office for two years as a senator or something.
And then he's the envoy to China or ambassador to China
and some other cushy role and just kind of strange stuff there.
And then so at that time, you've got Ford, Bush, Rumsfeld
was, I forget, like Secretary of State maybe for Ford.
And then Cheney becomes White House Chief of Staff,
if I remember correctly.
Right?
Yeah, I think Cheney was a staffer for Rumsfeld.
And so then when Rumsfeld is given the role of Secretary,
if I think it's Secretary of State,
he recommends that Cheney take over as Chief of Staff.
So you've got all of these guys.
You've got Bush, Ford, Cheney, Rumsfeld going back.
And then here you talk a little bit also about Jimmy Carter
and also his involvement with Sheehan, which I found so interesting.
Because of course, before he took office,
Carter was pretty outspoken about UFOs
and wanting to investigate the situation
because he had his own personal siting.
And then while he was president,
Carter wanted to move a little bit off of oil and so forth.
And according to Sheehan, I've talked about this a few times,
Sheehan was sent by Jimmy Carter
to access the classified section of Blue Book files.
And that is where the infamous story,
he saw a photo of a crash retrieval with symbols drawn on it.
You mentioned Michael Schrat's drawings of those.
I kind of wanted to bring those up too while we discuss this incident
because this is great.
So Michael Schrat, I think, held a drawing competition for the alleged.
Crash that Sheehan discussed.
And I think this was 79, right? 79?
No, it's a 77.
So the story that Sheehan has been telling is that
I think it was like nine days after Carter was elected.
That was kind of a prime interest to him.
And he summoned Bush down to his home at Savannah.
And just asked him, like, cool,
what's going on with this UFO stuff?
And Bush told him, like, I'm only going to tell you
if you keep me on as director.
Carter said, no, it's fine.
So he ousted Bush when he took office and then had Sheehan go into the Blue Book.
However, that worked out.
He actually got in and found this photo
and made that drawing and everything.
And then there's the famous story, of course.
I don't know if this is validated or not of Jimmy Carter
receiving some sort of briefing to some extent on UFOs
and basically was left in a catatonic crying state.
I don't know if that story's been substantiated or not.
I mean, that's I'm looking into that.
Yeah, I mean, it's pretty popular.
And I think, oh, man, I forget.
Somebody had commented recently that, yeah,
one of those other guys may have been like in the room
when he got that.
OK, I forget who exactly.
And I don't know if I put it in any of the threads.
I think it was after I wrote all of this stuff.
But yeah, I mean, if you look at the 77 timeline,
so he so Bush is out as director.
And Carter does away with the Atomic Energy Commission.
There's some other particulars yet.
That splits into the DOE and NNSA.
A lot of people don't look at records or pay attention to the NNSA.
They only pay attention to the DOE in regards to legacy programs.
However, especially back in the 80s,
NNSA was a cataloging reports of UAP over nuclear sites throughout the US.
Oh, interesting.
OK, I didn't know that.
So sorry, I didn't mean to cut you off.
You were talking about 1977.
I mean, I think what makes sense to me is that he goes to Bush, gets denied,
Bush is out.
He does away with the Atomic Energy Commission, I think,
in like right away, February or March.
He has she and go in.
I forget.
I think that might have been March as well.
I think Carter gets briefed in May or June,
and then immediately signs into law the DOE.
And the DOE becomes established in mid-August, I think.
And so it's like, who knows this tech exists?
He's coming off of the oil crisis.
I'd done it for a completely different project years ago.
I did a lot of research into that stuff, OPEC and all that.
So I think there's a very clear timeline in that Carter knows this is all real,
and he knows we can be doing something better and we can be off of oil.
But I think the grand irony is that he establishes the DOE,
which is set up at the James Forest Hall building of all places.
And then they use the DOE just to keep hiding all the same stuff.
Right.
Yeah, of course, in 54, there's the Atomic Energy Agreement, which to this day
keeps materials from ever being declassified UAP materials as they can be
misclassified as transnuclear foreign material.
And then, of course, the DOE and NNSA have other regulations.
So I was surprised to learn in one of my recent projects was of some of the
hypothetical reverse engineering and craft programs out at Nellis Area 51 and so forth,
that DOE owns much of the land there in the Nevada test and training range.
Right.
And yeah, I learned a lot of that recently, too.
I think they also own the land at Los Alamos.
And so that's kind of this weird deal where they own the land,
they lease it to the contractors, and I think also to the military.
And so they are kind of the umbrella over a lot of this stuff.
And I don't understand like what it means if they, you know, was admitted by,
was it Stephanie Granholm?
I think so.
With a, you know, Birchhead and Luna Cornerher, you know, make her admit that the DOE
works with JSOCs in times.
And his famous story of the firefight between JSOC and Lockheed,
and Coltart even validated that a couple of weeks ago and said,
yeah, that might not be the only one.
So I'm still kind of making sense of a lot of that stuff.
The DOE to the contractors and the military.
But then the, how does the DOE then have its own retrieval team apart from those people?
Yeah.
And I think that retrieval team is likely the NEST teams,
something I've talked about a couple of times in the Jonathan Waygant story.
Have you heard of NEST?
Yeah.
The Nuclear Emergency Search Team.
So one of the interesting things is, guess which company NEST is?
One of the contractors NEST is housed out of EG&G,
which we'll talk about in one second.
So DOE has even more ties, because I can't wait to launch into this part,
because this is where I think I can add a little bit of really interesting pieces.
Tell me how the heck you connected EG&G and the Carlisle Group into this,
because the Carlisle Group especially, I don't think nearly enough people talk about.
And once we talk about that, I'm going to give a,
I'm going to connect Carlisle Group to modern day disinformation with Sean Kirkpatrick.
So that'll be a bit fun.
Okay. I've been curious like where they stand now.
Okay. So yeah, it was when Ross gave that talk and ended it with bringing up EG&G.
So EG&G was a high speed photography company, run by three guys.
Like those were their initials, funny enough.
And they were brought in to film the nuclear test.
And I think it was also because of them probably that they were catching,
you know, the craft or orbs or whatever was showing up around these test sites.
And who knows what else they caught.
And then post-Roswell, you know, I think it was, there was like December 47
at the behest of the military.
They were basically asked to become, I'm forgetting now,
like a joint enterprise or something so they could be contracted out.
However that stuff all works.
And so it sounds like basically they became the lead contractor.
Like they were where things went, partly where things went private kind of right away.
That the military could do what they wanted, but all the paperwork was at EG&G basically.
And and then, you know, wherever people will stand on the czar and all that, you know,
I think it was Bob Echler, you know, who said back in the 90s that EG&G was his employer.
They are basically the employer area 51, you know, and they run Janet Airlines.
You know, it's like they kind of run a lot of that show.
Which that that confirmation of EG&G working or employing people at area 51 was later confirmed
and who we'll talk about in a second with Eric Tabor and his Aero testimony.
Oh, interesting. Okay. I'm not familiar with that.
EG&G also interestingly enough, as I'm sure a lot of people know,
is the parking lot where Admiral Thomas Wilson and Eric Davis met
for the classic Wilson Davis notes, which is great.
So you here in this post connected Ross Colthardt.
And we kind of started off talking about this within this engineering badge from area 51 here.
What did you take away from this?
And then we'll talk about Eric Tabor, who this was his patch from his great,
it was from his great uncle, I believe it was.
Oh, right. Is he the guy? That's right. Okay.
I think he saw it and then after his uncle died, like his uncle told him a story or something.
Right. Right. Right.
Yeah. This is again, you know, when I first saw this Colthardt straight up says like,
oh, the internet's going to go crazy over this. Right.
And I don't remember really seeing many people talk about it at all. No.
So I posted it back then, just like, what does anybody think this means?
And people just came at me for getting the Star Trek references wrong. Oh, really?
And I was like, Star Trek, take, take, take their stuff seriously.
Yeah. I mean, sure. You know, it's just like, that's a very ancillary part of this.
But he does say that, you know, that I forget what it is. It was at 1-1-0-0, 1-0-0-1. Yes.
So it's a reference to a specific next generation episode about the binars who steal.
I watched it a couple of times after I read this, the binars who steal the enterprise
to go help their planet or something. And it ends with like, why didn't you just ask us for help?
Right. And I think it's like Picard and I'll get the other guy's name wrong.
They're like, oh, we didn't, there was some, yeah, I think they asked the binars,
like why didn't you just ask us for help? And they're like, oh, we didn't know if you would.
So we just kind of, you know, did things on our own. So I don't know. I mean, maybe that's part of
the story that some faction of NHI or something are, you know, getting help without our agreement.
Or I don't know. I really don't know, you know, and then, but I did see digging into this more
than Measure Analyze Protect. It might have been C. Britton or somebody else who'd found that
that phrase comes up a lot in a lot of the DOE.
So for anybody watching that doesn't know the story of this patch, this originated from Arrow
Whistleblower who conveniently wasn't mentioned in the historical report. Eric Tabor, who I think
in 2023, he testified to Arrow that his great uncle, I think his last name was Eurekart or something,
he worked at Area 51 in the capacity of a sergeant from 1997 to 2014 as the head of
security for like a radar cross-section facility at Area 51. And here he was privy to like images
and photographs and so forth of a classic egg-shaped craft that according to what the
uncle told Eric Tabor was just found abandoned in the desert. So supporting kind of the donation
theory that Grush talked about, a seamless egg-shaped craft, maybe the size of a family car.
Let's see if we can find an image of it because I actually have the article pulled up here and
I'm sorry for the Daily Mail's ad pop-ups. I don't have an ad block right here. Yes,
I use this image quite a bit. This is Eric Tabor. What year was that? His uncle, Eric Tabor,
testified in 2023. Sam Yerka, I cannot pronounce that last name on the fly, was an Area 51 contractor
from 97 to 2014. And Tabor is like an aerospace engineer, pretty well respected. Sorry, let me
find images of that patch. Yeah. Wait, did he say when he saw that craft? No, I can't remember.
He didn't give an exact date during the time. But of course, Tabor says his uncle was a contractor
at Area 51 on the behest of EGNG. Which is to me part of, I mean, every now and then there's some
kind of cosmic humor in this that you've got, you know, an egg-shaped craft at, you know, EGNG
facilities. Oh, okay. So actually, maybe we do have a date. He said when he first got there in
1997, I had a personal conversation with a senior EGNG engineer whose group was tasked with trying
to reverse engineer an object that was brought there by some CIA people in the 1980s. Which
that's interesting to me because that might talk about the CIA and CIA, OGA and JSOC participating
in retrievals even before kind of the start of the OGA in 2003. Right. 2002, 2001. But that of
course is for foreign retrieval. So who knows who knows what kind of a retrieval the CIA may have
had their hands in. Yeah, eventually. Do you know when and I was trying to find this the other day
when in 2003, OGA became its own agency? No, I'm trying to think back to Chris Sharpe's reporting.
But I can't remember exactly when I don't know if a date is listed there.
Because I, yeah, I think it's, well, you haven't read part eight yet and that's when things get
really fun. Okay, okay. So we'll continue on so we can get to part eight. Now, one of the companies
that ran EGNG from 1997 to 2001 that you bring up is of course the Carlisle Group. The Carlisle
Group has been implicated many times as one of the lead proponents of the control group of the UAP
topic. What did you find out about the Carlisle Group within this within this piece part five?
Oh, man. I'm not sure how some of that info was divvied up between these.
Yeah, it just really stuck out to me that they were so they make a they made a deal
in 96 with the Saudis, Saudi royalty. And that money goes back to the Bush family back to
at least 51 with Zapata oil. So those guys have been working together a long time. And
I think over time, EGNG kept getting split up into like different
not branches, but like different subholding companies or something. Right. And so it just
stuck out that you've got, you know, Carlisle, it turns out that their board was Bush,
his secretary, State James Baker, UK Prime Minister, John Major. Oh, really? I didn't know that.
Carlucci, who was part of his staff. And I'm forgetting another guy who was part of his staff.
So it was like Bush and three of his top White House people all basically at the head of Carlisle
Group alongside billionaire and chef Rubenstein. Right. So in 1987, David Rubenstein, he was the
domestic policy advisor to Carter when he started the Carlisle Group. That's right. And
that's funny. You mentioned Frank Carlucci. I need to know if one of my guys Kai is in the chat
right now. Kai is really big into the subject of ARV as Greer puts it. And that mention of Frank
Carlucci, if he's here, I need to bring something up to him real fast because Frank, the specific
mention of Frank Carlucci with the Carlisle Group is what I think is one of the most
consequential mentions here. I know it's, I know it's like a one sentence thing when you got heavy
hitters like Rubenstein and the Bush family and the dozens of Saudi investors within Carlisle Group.
But how familiar are you with the Mark McCandless story? And Kai, if you're in the chat, please
comment because I know you're going to love this. Maybe if I got a refresher, I feel like the name
sounds kind of familiar, but yeah. Okay. So Mark McCandless was an aerospace illustrator who
testified at Greer's disclosure project briefing in 2001. Mark McCandless did tons of aerospace
work, was a very well respected artist with Lockheed Martin various defense contractors.
In 1988, his fellow aerospace illustrator, Brad Sorensen invited Mark McCandless to go to Norton
Air Force Base, California for an air show. McCandless had some last minute projects for,
I think it was popular mechanics, so he ended up not going. Brad Sorensen, when he went to
Norton Air Force Base, saw the air show saw some experimental craft, but he was with an individual
that he described to Mark later on. And this individual and Brad Sorensen, allegedly, but I
think this is far more than just an alleged story because I'm going to cover it in the
near future and I have some additional info on this story. I think people might find interesting
are taken to a kind of wardened off section of this air base at Norton and admitted by a general
or a three, I think it was a two or three star general Air Force general. And the individual
that Brad Sorensen is with says that Brad is eight, so they can get in here. There are three
flying saucer craft referenced as alien reproduction vehicles. This is where the term is coined.
They function off of electrogravity or zero point technologies. They're the they're the classic
flux liner design, if you've ever heard of that. Yeah, it's a it's three craft sizes, the smallest
one being like 40 feet across, the largest one being like 100 200 feet across, all with similar
designs, all with oxygen tanks sitting radially in the crash all craft all with like capacitor
plates on the bottom, all with a crew compartment with I think three seats facing around each other.
This is a very interesting story because McCandillish made a new let me pull up the
drawing of the flux liner just so people can see this while I talk about it.
So one one funny thing to kind of backtrack a tiny bit about the Watertown stuff is that
that was one of the locations at Area 51. And there's a very specific EG&G office
that is opened on July 24, 1969, the day the astronauts come back. Oh, interesting.
Office gets established. And then later, I don't know the timeline here, but later,
the DOE is at that exact same address. Interesting. Yeah. So the the point I bring up
about the ARV Mark McCandillish and Brad Sorenson is because that senior advisor
that took Brad to this classified section of this air show was none other than Frank Carlucci.
Oh, wow. So that's a really, really, really damn interesting connection because Carlucci is
associated with Carlisle Group. Wait, what when was the November 13, 1988.
So a year after Carlisle Group is formed. And of course, Mark McCandillish was
unalived in 2021. Wait, what's so what's his story? I'm so as an aerospace illustrator after he was
talked to by Brad about these designs, he and Brad worked for concept art for the ARV craft.
Over time, he would talk about these craft and zero point systems until 2014,
a documentary filmmaker named James Allen made a documentary called him called like zero point
Mark McCandillish. Towards before the inner before the documentary was ever released,
James Allen was diagnosed and killed by a super aggressive form of cancer within the span of
weeks. And in his autopsy report, he was also found to have suffered from metal poisoning, heavy
metal poisoning. About this same time, Mark McCandillish said he slept with a gun under his bed
out of fear for his life. In 2021, he was found with a gunshot wound to the head. I think I just
heard this the other day or maybe he was catching up on your last on your episode from last week.
That's right. I think we talked about that in live a little bit. Yeah. So Carlucci and the
Carlisle group may be may be entwined with reverse engineering practices. And how this goes
further is you, you're probably pretty familiar with Sean Kirkpatrick, right? Yeah. Do you remember
in 2022, 2023, I can't remember exactly when when Arrow did a round table talk with Sean Kirkpatrick
and former Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security Ronald Moultrie.
Yeah. I think I watched that when it came out, but I don't remember any of the details really.
So Moultrie was like a huge big wig. It was here. The two said there was nothing to UAP. There was
absolutely nothing. Well, Moultrie, as it turns out, sorry, let me reference my notes. Moultrie is
a board member for the Better Angels, which was funded by David Rubenstein, the founder of Carlisle
Group. And he is a board member in iCapital, which is Carlisle Group's most invested in
group. So even Ronald Moultrie now has connections to Carlisle Group. Ronald Moultrie has had influence,
or as in cahoots with Sean Kirkpatrick previously as well. Right. Okay. So I found that
all with the DOE since he was like 17. So I found that, and then of course goes to Oak Ridge,
National Labs, once he leaves Arrow. Well, yeah, I mean, Oak Ridge is the entire loop.
Yeah. So just said Vannevar Bush, you know, and I think he got the directions to do that in 41
from FDR, sets it up at 42. Whatever the timeline there is for MJ12, you know, and Vannevar Bush
and everybody else. And then now we're right back to the DOE and Oak Ridge. Kirkpatrick goes
there. And yeah, I just found, I was so happy when I read part five, just with EGNG and so forth.
I love that because I think those, so I think those corporations are, EGNG has had some fame
because of its association with Bob Lazar, but especially the Carlisle Group. I was so happy
you made these ties here. Yeah. And that was, you know, I tried getting there months ago, you
know, but I was still just wrapping my head around everything that was coming out. And that was
actually where I wanted specifically to get back to. I didn't even intend to make this huge like
series or whatever, you know, I was like, oh, let me just get back to the Carlisle, EGNG stuff.
And then everything, it was like, as I kept digging, it was like, everything kept growing
really fast. Oh man, okay, this is all huge. This is all one story, you know.
And then of course, things get even bigger when we get to part six, where you mentioned
SAIC, Science Applications International Corporation. Now, did you get a chance recently
to see Kermit's post on kind of the financials of UAP legacy programs? And he talks about
the startup of SAIC after various SEC regulations, which basically allow corporations to keep two
books, one on record, one off record and so forth. No, I didn't see that. No, it's a wonderful piece.
It harped back to, I think there was one interview in 2021, Lou Elizondo talked about,
he referenced two defense contractors under the pseudonyms company A and company B,
and them gaining unfair advantages within the SAIC, I mean, SEC, due to having exotic technologies.
Right. Okay. Yeah, I mean, the SAIC stuff, I only really know about because of a still chill
drill. They like focus specifically on that eventually, and looking at a lot of the records
and stuff. And then going back and forth, we were, again, figuring out timeline, where it looks like
basically blue book closes at the end of, I think Alan Dulles dies in January 69. Yeah.
And then by the end of the year, blue book closes. And in that time, I've not, I've been
able to find an actual month. But at some point, SAIC is started. And so it looks like basically
that's where blue book maybe goes private. So now I have a way to circle back to your research as
well, kind of with SAIC and Malmgren. And sorry, I'm forgetting his name, Bissell as well. So Bissell
tells Malmgren about other world technologies, basically a division that studies other world
technologies. I have made a video on an off world technologies division that I with a lot of research
highly suspect was ran by SAIC. So now even more, even more parallels to your research.
Interesting. So Bissell tells Malmgren this in 63, I think it was. Yes.
And then, yeah, SAIC starts in 69. I haven't had a chance to dig into, you know, any direct
connections. It's more just like, it's all at the same time, basically. So SAIC is so weird.
And I'm sure you heard about all the stuff with Chris Sharpe in his Liberation Times article
in Undersea Retrievals, right? Well, he mentions Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute, guess who
has plenty of contracts with the Office of Naval Research and the NSW Crane, which is the,
which is basically a naval research in electromagnetic and expeditionary weapon lab.
And Woods Hole SAIC. So SAIC, Kermit and I talk about this a lot, but they kind of have their
hands in every single piece of the pie here. So it just makes so much sense that they would kind
of fall into your research. Yeah, right. Okay. God, this is, yeah, I mean, yeah, the more this
keeps going, I mean, I think to, you know, going back over, you know, just building the supercut
stuff, you know, I'm looking to make a proper documentary on the magenta incident and all
that. And so I've been going back over, you know, all of Grush's, I mean, outside of Coltart, you
know, he did a podcast with Rebedra Panatti and Guzardi and, you know, and then Panatti
to the thing with Strieber talked about it. And it's come up a few other times, but
I mean, Grush says right away with Coltart, he's like, yeah, it's received by the OSS
back panel via the Vatican. OSS becomes a CIA and he throws it out there. You know, and then when
he goes on Rogan, Rogan asked him, you know, about this, you know, he's like, oh, I just wanted to
show that this goes further back. And it's international. And I thought that was interesting.
And you're like, no, you knew what you were doing. You're making sure that like all of us nerds,
like really dig into this stuff, you know, because it's not just some other interesting case or just
some crash retrieval. It's like everything about who we are as a country and maybe a world kind of
starts there. It starts with the Bush clan getting their hands on this, you know, and again, these
people starting the CIA, keeping this stuff secret, running a rough shot all over the world, you know,
however many coups, you know, they were a part of, you know, just like ugly stuff that is
well known, you know, to anyone who reads history at all, you know, and so you start to see like,
oh, yeah, this is all like just one big kind of evil empire, you know, that it's like, it's true.
And I love the fact that Grush was able to kind of walk things back a little bit because
most people who have just kind of a fleeting interest in the subject think of Roswell as the
real start of, you know, possible reverse engineering programs when some people familiar with MJ-12
might think 1941 Cape Jurado is kind of the nexus point, but Grush walking it back further to 1933
Magenta. And who knows, are there possible cases before that as well, such as 1897 of Rora, Texas,
or if the claims of Bob Lazar are true, a craft that was found in an archaeological dig and so
forth. Yeah, I think I heard really recently that, yeah, Lazar said it came from somewhere in like
the Southwest. Oh, did he? I didn't know he gave us. Somebody commented this a few days ago that,
yeah, he said something about, yeah, this is really new to me, that I guess, yeah, it was brought in
and they think it might have crashed like a thousand years ago or so. Wow, that I've been
kept up to date with the kind of, I don't know, yeah. And then the Aurora thing, yeah, I was familiar
with, I mean, you know, the airship stuff at that time. And even that's a funny one because it's like
the sink crashes into a windmill. Yeah, it's like, it's almost like, like, analogous power in a way,
you know, that, that if that was an airship, you know, and it's like, if these things are
constantly sort of like pushing us to, you know, advance our science. And then you've got, I mean,
I've been reading more lately about radar and death rays, which is like pretty new to me, like
radar comes from the search for a death ray, which is basically your first EMP. Interesting. Yeah.
So you've got like, Marconi, I'm gonna, maybe I'll do that tonight. Yeah. Marconi, you know,
Nobel Prize winner was put in charge of researching your experimenting on the magenta craft by Enrico
Fermi of all people who said this whole thing was kind of bullshit. With a famous Fermi paradox
that's very lacking. Turns out he said while he was walking with Edward Teller and two other people.
So I think he was trying to throw somebody else right at Los Alamos. Yeah, at Los Alamos,
I forgot, I forgot about that part. Just learned that recently. But Marconi, you know, he invented
radio. And then he was also known for studying electromagnetism in the ionosphere. And I'm
really, I don't know if there'd be any way to find out, but I'm really curious if he was testing out
his death ray and accidentally brought this craft down.
Interesting. And for anybody who doesn't know, Marconi was implicated in the alleged RB33,
the internal Italian documents that stated he was kind of the basically in charge of
analyzing this craft that crashed in 33. And then in 2024, Panodi came out with more
documents vindicating the actual legitimate creation of RB33. So that is, that's pretty
interesting. Did you say RB or is it RS? It might be, it's RS. I'm sorry. I was thinking about the
RB47 jet while I was talking about that. Because it was a special research. Yes. Okay. Yes. Thank you.
And so part seven, this piece was actually taken down. So what, what new, what? Yeah,
that just came down a couple of nights ago, because I guess it wasn't UFO-centric enough.
What new points kind of, can you talk about that you talked about in this one before we move into
eight? I think, where did I end up here? Oh, right. I mean, this was, it's really ended up just being
about kind of the crossover between skull and bones. And yeah, there's a, you know, pretty famous story
about Prescott Bush was a part of this group that dug up at least what they thought. I don't,
I think there were some, it turns out there was some dispute about whether or not it was really
him, but, you know, dug up the grave of Geronimo. Interesting. Yeah. Like, like had his skull
at their facility, you know, and just some weird black magic stuff there. And so,
you know, you kind of start looking at, and then, you know, they start Zapata oil,
or, you know, Prescott Bush and Dulles, you know, start Zapata oil in 51 with the help of the CIA,
you know, and it turns out it was like a front for the CIA. But even that, it's like,
they were sort of like these middle fingers from these white colonizers. It's kind of how I look
at it, you know. And so, I think part of what's happening now, even just culturally in general,
but let alone this topic and, you know, trying to reveal this true history is like
this notion of, like, ugly colonization before we go anywhere else, you know, before we actually go
to Mars and beyond, you know what I mean? It's like, we need to do away with a lot of that notion
of colonization. And so, I think you start to see, like, that's part of what this whole empire has
been from the beginning, you know, just like these white men with power, you know, who's hated more
on the planet at the moment, you know. It's like the rich white elite, basically, that have been
running things into the ground, you know, and so we get to see kind of where some of that starts,
you know, in the modern age at least. And then it's, and then I ended up on Bohemian Grove,
and it turns out it's all the same people, you know, it's like all these king makers,
basically. And that's kind of the joke, you know, that, like, 36 and still Chill and I talk about,
you know, it's just like, oh, yeah, this is what it is. It's just these people wanted to be kings,
you know. And Bohemian Grove is similar to Skull and Bones. It's like a secret society that nobody
knows what the heck they actually do, besides do weird dances. Yeah. And they, you know, it's
worship of an owl and a bunch of other stuff. And we know there's like the Mike Cleland, you know,
owl UFO stuff. And, oh, right. And up Solica has talked about that. And so,
yeah, I don't know. I haven't read enough into it. I just kind of know some of that cursory stuff.
So let's move on to point eight. I heard part eight. I don't know what dang thing about this.
It, I hadn't read this. I asked you if it came out and you told me yes. So what can you tell me
about this? Because I think it involves a little bit of sort of like the black magic you were talking
about with the with Iraq and so forth. Yeah. And maybe, yeah, I mean, without having
predetermined any of this and kind of writing it out, you know, as kind of in real time,
I guess to go to, you know, to end up at Skull and Bones and Bohemian Grove
and whatever they were doing there. And then to close off with like Stargate and the Tomb of
Gilgamesh. I mean, that was a thing that kept coming up. You know, everyone's been on the hunt
for Colt Hart's UFO too big to move. Right. It's come up a few times that, you know, the U.S.
Embassy in Iraq looks like it could be, you know, where this all is. And then I think at some
points, you know, a couple of people brought up the fact that the Tomb of Gilgamesh was reported
found like barely over a week before we invaded. And there's some other stuff too I found recently
within like that timeframe, I forget, but some weird stuff, some business dealings and stuff. And so
that's why I was wondering like when specifically JSOC was set up. Oh, interesting. Like all part
of this story of JSOC is answering to Cheney. Cheney's the one who was basically running the
Bush administration. Just like Bush Senior was running the Reagan administration, you know,
the Bush family through the Western Company. Global Defense, which is under dresser industries,
is one of the contractors in Iraq and Afghanistan. Holly Burton famously was the big one. So it's
like these guys probably behind 9-11, let it happen. There's a famous, you know, they had a meeting
that morning with the Saudis. It's the Carlisle Group in the Saudis. And then 9-11 happens.
Didn't Rumsfeld, I think a couple of days before 9-11, talk about like two or three trillion
dollars missing at the Pentagon as well? The day before. Okay, day before. Interesting.
Yeah, September 10. I just read that again. So you were talking about the Iraqi embassy,
I think even before Ross coming out and talking about the massive UFO buried under some sort of
construction, there were stories that the Iraqi embassy was built over a UFO, as well as other
stories in the kind of somewhat local area of the Middle East. There's some rich Munda stories,
like a 1958 crash retrieval occurring in Kabul, Afghanistan and so forth. So there's actually
a lot of really rich lore in the Middle East that I don't even think has been begun to be explored
until your piece. So yeah, I think part of this, so yeah, I've been kind of hearing that stuff.
And then, you know, I haven't read either of the Skinwalker books, but I caught up on an older
apocaster a couple of years ago with George Knapp that kind of re-aired with, I think, on UAP
studies, you know, this was a couple months ago. But he basically walks through the timeline of,
you know, Bigelow and NIDS in the late 90s, early 2000s. And then you've got Bass, which is basically
where a lot of, you know, UFO reports and stuff are being sent in the 2000s. And then whatever
happens there to, you know, ASAP and then ATIP. And what really stuck out to me was that he said that
when Hunt for the Skinwalker came out, you know, that was Knapp and Kelleher,
then it got passed around to people at the DIA in the Middle East, like Likatsky.
Interesting.
And so you're like, oh, okay, Likatsky was working for the DIA in the Middle East in 2007.
Maybe the year after we build this embassy and they're looking for stuff, you know,
like it would kind of make sense if that was all tied together. And also 2007,
I don't know what he was doing, but Kirk Patrick was part of some joint CIA DIA operation.
And I know it came out recently. I know Carl Nell was on like the first team
that went over there in 2003. And I think Elizondo was also on another like first team that went
over there. So I don't know. Yeah. It's just a lot of stuff around this. And then it gets weirder.
So scrolling through the article, I see you bring up a picture of the alleged Holloman Air Force
base tape, which was actually just talked about by James Fox in his interview with Jesse Michaels.
James Fox stated in one of his documentaries, he interviewed a guy that had seen this tape.
What is the context here of including this clip or including this image?
I don't remember. What did Cameron say? Something about,
because it's Cameron who's been tying Cheney into a lot of this stuff.
But Carter knew what Cheney knew eventually.
Right.
I don't remember exactly.
Okay. Yeah. You're talking about Grant Cameron and Jimmy Carter. Here we mentioned the story of
Carter crying. I still don't know. We still don't know if that's a legitimate story or not.
She hand talking about Carter's election. Let's see if possibly under here. Okay. Jimmy Carter.
Oh, oh, cool. Okay. Here. Okay. So Grant Cameron commented on this. So apparently this 15 minute
film was shown to Jimmy Carter. Grant Cameron states this. Grant Cameron is a fantastic researcher.
And this film, without reading this clip just from my head, apparently shows a saucer with
three landing gear touching down, a hatch opening up from a smooth surface that doesn't show any
sort of view holes, port holes, signs of propulsion, all the classic observables of a craft. A sort of
runway comes down. Three beans come out. They look like tall humanoid individuals wearing headgear
that a film altars said looked like Egyptian headdresses. And so James Fox talked about this
video quite a bit in his recent interview with Jesse Michaels and said he interviewed
I can't remember the exact person. Yeah. I'm almost done with that interview.
It's really dang good so far. Yeah. That's great.
Interesting. So according to Grant Cameron, Carter had seen this footage. And in the footage,
I think like the beans basically start interacting with humans, which is pretty
darn interesting. It reminds me a lot of 1957. You know astronaut Gordon Cooper, he stated while
he was stationed at Edwards Air Force Base, he had a survey team film kind of remote parts of the
base. And one of his survey teams caught a UAP landing that is same kind of saucer shaped craft,
I think 40 feet in diameter. And when his film crew got close, the saucer within 20 yards of the
craft it took off and he had seen this film and others had and then apparently it was confiscated.
So that sounds very similar. I can't remember the exact date of this. 57. Okay. 57. Yeah. Then the
Edwards might have been 54. So these I think were within three years, these two supposed films.
Oh, right. Yeah. Because 50.
I'm trying to, yeah, put all this together. Because wasn't. Oh, right. Okay. Because this,
I think what I read and I mean, I don't, a lot of it wasn't verified, but I think there was talk that
what I knew of Kingman, I know you did your video, you know, which I think probably the best
one I saw, I mean, it was great too. You know, Kingman, the story that I understand is that
there were like eight craft and there were dog fight and one crashes into the side of a cliff
and it's totally demolished. One crashes into the ground. A guy's brought out to study it in
engineer. And I think there's a dead body, one or two, I forget. That was the Stancil crash.
Okay. And then, and then a third one is gifted. And that maybe these were the,
like Eisenhower was at all three of the sites or something like that, that it was like
the Kingman gifting was at one base, maybe at the Dugway site, which I know Greer's talked about
a lot near Kingman. And then another one was Edwards and then there was a third one somewhere else.
So that like one of these was the sites where possibly Eisenhower made his agreement and 53 or
maybe it was this before, I'm not really sure. Because the Kingman kind of the multiple craft
theory came from Harry Drew. And just like you said, over I think a week in March, seven days
in March, his documentary, there were three separate crashes, one crash, one forced landing
with which Arthur Stancil saw and one kind of gifted craft. Okay. Which is very interesting.
And that documentary seven days in March or seven days in May, I can't remember, is almost
impossible to track down. I've never heard of it. It's a, Harry Drew packaged it with a like a book,
a limited release DVD. So I know a couple of like researchers who have been trying to track
down that dang tape, but nobody has found it. It seemed like that 53 to 57 region had a
time span had a lot of really interesting contacts because there's the Edwards Air Force Base
touchdown, according to Gordon Cooper. There's the, there's the Holloman Air Force Base landing
film according to Grant Cameron now that Jimmy Carter saw. And there's the Kingman crash all in
the span of four years. Yeah. Right. Well, and that's coming after 52, you know, which was
a pretty bonkers year as well. And 53 to start, we saw the Robertson panel as well. And 52 we see
UFOs over Washington DC. Right. Right. Yeah. You know, I've, I haven't read all of the
the Schellenberger document. You know, I've posted it a couple of times, but
every 10 pages, I'm just like, I cannot, like this is crazy. Like, it's, you know,
that's the, that's the timeline debrief for Congress, right? I, yeah, it's 177 pages or maybe
that's just the first document or something. But yeah, it's just like, Oh, another craft,
more dead bodies, whatever, you know, it's just like so routine for these guys, you know, whether
you hit the nail on the head, it's exactly 177 pages.
Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's like every time I started to get through it, it just spun me out so bad.
You know, it was like, Oh, this is just completely normal. It became normal, you know,
immediately after Roswell, basically, that like they kept finding, you know, these crashes and
these dead beings and stuff, and they didn't care. You know, they were like, Oh, okay, just like,
box them up, you know, we'll take care of them. Like, have you gotten a chance to read Leonard
Stringfield's crash retrievals parts one through seven? I know I haven't read any of his stuff yet.
No, I'll, I'll actually send you the PDF of that. That is in is so consequential to my research. And
I think you follow the ufology in general, especially talking about crash retrievals and
the subject of bodies. It is so fascinating. And Michael Schrat, this was in 2016, I think,
was able to access the archives of Leonard Stringfield, who is now deceased in Cincinnati,
and made a whole nother series of kind of crash retrieval cases that Leonard never published,
including including discussion of the Edwards film as well. So there's a quite a tangible
research line for the supposed films of craft touching down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, actually,
I got to hang out with Michael Schrat last Sunday. Oh, did you? Oh, yeah, yeah, you told me. So I
joined the Hollywood Disclosure Alliance early August to try and reach out to producers, you know,
for documentary stuff. And so even that was like, Oh, I'm like emailing with Steve Bassett and,
you know, Dan Harari. And, and then they had an event last Sunday, and it was Thomas Jane,
Ron James from Mufon, and then Michael Schrat. And then we went to a dinner afterwards and
the location kept getting moved, just some weird confusion, I guess. So it came down to like,
eight of us or something. And I'm at this dinner table with like, Michael Schrat to my left,
Steve Bassett to my right, you know, Dan Harari right in front of me. And I'm just like, Oh,
okay, I guess this is my world now, you know. Now, did you get to talk with Schrat extensively
about crash retrievals? Because he's just so well versed on on that subject. What'd you guys get
to talk about? Yeah, I got to film in on magenta, because he didn't know any of the stuff yet.
Right. He called me the next day, we talked for like 20, 30 minutes about it. And then he,
we were, he wanted to meet up today, but I was like, Well, I'm doing this thing.
And so we take president over Schrat, I'm honored, man. That's like an hour from me,
it's fine. Yeah, he's pretty close. I know he's been looking for with his incredible drawings of
craft and sightings used like by almost every researcher. He's been trying to find a more
concrete description of the magenta craft to be able to draw because I think so the only real
description we have is from Grush, like a lenticular shape. Yeah, right, right. Two saucers
pressed against each other. That's slightly damaged, but whole integrity intact. Right, right.
I mean, that's kind of what I walked in through and I was showing him,
I don't know if he'd seen the Daily Mail article on, on that,
it's the only big one that I've seen, but yeah, I was just showing him, I'm like,
I don't know, this is all I've seen. And so, you know, I know that and whatever Grush said, you
know, and so that's what he was trying to, you know, get down to is just like, what are the
exact dimensions? How exactly, you know, did it crash? I'm like, I don't know, I'll send you some
stuff. Still have all the way dating back to the magenta case, have you been able to kind of
tie in any of the mega defense conglomerates like Lockheed Martin, Raytheon Boeing, Northrop Grumman
into, into your work as well alongside the EG and G Carlisle SAIC and some of the oil conglomerates?
No, I mean, that stuff has been even, yeah, too confusing for me just to understand
like the parallels, you know, between the defense contractors. I mean, I know,
you know, Lockheed works directly with the Air Force. I just, I don't really understand
like this, where the CIA, basically, I don't know where the CIA and the Air Force split,
because it seems like that's part of this story. Yeah, it seems like, yeah, especially
where's the difference, because there's a lot of joint teams in JSOC that can operate under
CIA's directive or any sort of directive. And the Air Force has quite a few teams, 24th STS,
the old classic blue berets and so forth. The Air Force is very interesting, but so is the,
also the naval involvement as well as outlined by Chris Sharp. Yeah, right. In his recent article,
I think he, after his third edit, because I think there was some trouble with Dean, Dean Johnson.
Yeah, but I try to extend an apology to him because I had talked about
the original edit that Sunday before any of that drama came out. So I felt bad if I had
implicated him in anything bad like the threats he said. Yeah, I'm confused though. I wasn't
paying enough attention. What happened with all that? So September 20th is when the article
is released. September 22nd, I did a live and I remember I had read the article when it first
the second it came out. And I was gobsmacked to see mention of the National Underwater Reconnaissance
Office of CIA, Office of Science and Technology, NRO, NGA, Lockheed Martin, and Woodsville Ocean
ographic Institute. And come the 22nd, that had been edited out. So thankful to the Wayback
Machine, I was able to talk about the original version of that article. And then that week on
Twitter, Dean, Dean Johnson, I guess, called Chris Sharp out or something. And Chris Sharp
stated that he had received threats due to the original article. So he re-edited everything
out there and basically expanded on the fact or not fact, but the allegations that Woods Hole,
in accordance to kind of NRO, the underwater reconnaissance office, will retrieve craft
due to their very unique submersibles and then pass them on to the Office of Naval Research
for testing alongside defense contractors. Yeah, okay. Just another thing.
Yeah, because I feel like for so long, the Navy's been overlooked in terms of
but going back to the nexus of like Air Force Regulation 200-2 and JANAP-146C in which the
USAF kind of restricted UFO reporting methods and like incurred a $10,000 fine if commercial
pilots reported UFOs, the Navy did the same thing with OPMAV 3820. So the Navy was right there with
the Air Force back in the heyday of kind of restricting UFO reporting. Gotcha. Okay.
This is so bonkers. And then of course, there's corporations that tie into every single piece
of this, whether that's the Lockheed-Norton, SAIC, EG&G. Right, right. And I think, I mean,
that's the way we've all are in our little chat. Yeah, kind of been joking about it too, is just
like, well, it makes sense. I mean, all of this makes sense now. I think half jokingly to sort of
talk about a lot of this is being almost biblical in a general sense. There are these revelations
coming out and there's so much at play all at the same time. You know what I mean? It's like we've
got the craziest political upheaval we've ever had. We've got climate crisis. We just watched
the crazy flooding yesterday on the East Coast. Just so much income inequality and disparity
and all these things and all these reckonings happening on a cultural level and socioeconomic
level while all of this stuff is happening as well. And it's almost like, yeah, the whole,
it's like this entire system has been built up. And this is like when it all kind of comes down.
This is the house of cards, basically. And so even to talk strictly about all the different
contractors, it's like this whole thing is so unwieldy. And like the way Dana Solika talked
about the Fight Club, it's like that thing's making more sense now. Just all these people
have it. Yeah, the picture of corporations involved in contractors as well as USG specific
three-letter agencies and USG military branches that are involved is starting to become a bit
clear. And it's been very fascinating to follow these revelations and see how a JSOC, OGA,
ONR, NRO, NRO, NGA and so forth has implicated. It's so interesting. I wonder if the magenta craft,
if it where it's being housed now, if there's still sort of efforts being done on it or it's
just kind of catalogued away and like an Indiana Jones relic warehouse. Yeah, I mean,
what was Birchhead's joke? Like every time you name them, the whole truck shows up.
It takes stuff away. Yeah, yeah. I mean, my best guess is that initially,
it might have been taken to Oak Ridge, you know, because, you know, Vannevar Bush gets the memo
from, I think from FDR, from Marshall. I forget. There's some of the three of them are talking,
basically, you know, so he gets to setting up Oak Ridge, you know, and this is also following
the Cape Girardeau incident. So, you know, if they had everything, at that time at least, you know,
had everything in one place because there was no Edwards Air Force base or anything,
who knows now or any of this stuff is, you know. And I found it interesting in later cases,
especially in the 60s and the 70s, how often mention is made of kind of rotating warehouses of
where craft are stored. One perfect example is Kecksburg that is supposedly taken to Lockburn
Air Force Base in Ohio first and then shipped to Wright Patterson Air Force Base. There's also
the testimony of an anonymous witness RB in Stringfield's files that talked about guarding a craft
about three hours outside of a base in South Carolina and that every two weeks, three weeks,
it would be rotated through. Oh, really? And also, in a project I'm covering now, there's stories of
reverse engineering testing team that's rotated through every six months for program security.
So, possibly not only are materials transferred around and shipped around, but personnel are
too. But is that kind of an old method or is that still ongoing? I don't know. Yeah, I don't know
about sight of things at all. I haven't heard any of that stuff. But it's just, what do you have
next for your research? Where do you plan on going next? I don't know. I have to like,
yeah, I have to figure out personal stuff. I fit so down this rabbit hole.
Yeah, I don't know. I mean, yeah, I've been looking into like the death ray stuff, which is
really interesting. And, you know, Marconi playing around with that stuff and Tesla playing around
with that stuff. And, you know, John Trump, you know, Donald Trump's uncle, who is basically given all
of Tesla's files after he dies. And at the same time, he was in like the x-ray business. And then
I think when it was announced we were going to World War II, he got into radar. And so it's funny
that he's the one who's given Tesla's documents, you know, Tesla was also like, if radar came from
the death ray, and that's what John Trump specifically was also working on, was radar stuff.
But, you know, even the way like, if you watch like Simon Hollis, you know, that's kind of where I
sort of started locking onto that, you know, that like we understood more about radar early on
than we let anybody know that it was all derived from an F-ray. And it basically was like an EMP
early on. So, and then it makes sense that it's, you know, partly responsible for a lot of these
crashes early on as well, you know. Yeah, there's early stories, especially with Roswell, that's
some sort of radar interference, kind of a mess with a craft's inner circuitry or however the craft
are powered. That's an awesome rabbit hole. Oh, yeah, that's fun. Yeah. I mean, I was watching the,
I don't know if you saw the Falcon crew guys who got the part of the arts parts
a couple months ago, and we're testing it. Oh, they've done material, they've been
doing material analysis. A little bit, yeah, and they were super public right away, you know,
they were live streaming at all. But, yeah, they got a little bit of it anonymously,
and, or by a source who wanted to stay anonymous. And, yeah, I just happened to catch it that day,
and they were looking at it, and it matches up with so much other stuff that a lot of us have heard
about, like the terrorist waveguide stuff, and how it basically acts as a superconductor, and,
and it looks, it would make sense, you know, if it's like 3D printed material, and there's like a
lattice honeycomb structure inside of it. So it makes sense if like the power gets transferred
up, it's like this really, like beautiful way, basically, that, you know, the whole thing gets
powered. And, yeah, it's pretty wild. I mean, I had, I had a sighting once that kind of lines up
with some of that stuff. Oh, would you see? I've had a few, but this was the closest one,
this was back in January, not far from my house. Yeah, I saw two, I'm assuming it was two,
they were in the clouds, and so I didn't see any like structure, but I basically just saw the
underside of like the, I'm guessing, like electromagnetic waves that were powering these
things, you know, and one was like this beautiful amber, and one was this beautiful violet, and
they were really close together, moving really slow, like, wow, do they have any like change in
direction? Could you see kind of a shape of a craft? I mean, they were saucer shaped,
but I didn't see any like hard craft surfaces or anything. They were like, yeah, just inside the
clouds, and I was like coming in from hanging out in my backyard and looked up, and right there,
things moved really slow, and I kind of waved and said hi, and they took off into the clouds
real slow, and I was like, okay. Interesting, now you said you could see kind of like an
electromagnetic discharge, what you, you could see kind of a visible wave pattern?
Yeah, there's a, I can't mean to find these and save them, there's two images I've seen, one is of a,
one went around a month or two ago, it's like a coin, I forget from where, but one side is like
of a craft, and then the other side is like a straight up reptilian, like smiling or something,
and there's another image from, like this famous historical image from Italy, from Rome or something,
that's very similar to where the craft, it's like these grooves on the bottom, and so it kind of like,
if you can imagine, like let's say, eight or ten grooves on the bottom, and it's kind of like each
one had its own like energy field. Interesting. So all I could see was the energy basically.
Kind of like of a saucer shape? Yeah, yeah, it was, yeah it was beautiful, yeah, it was wild.
That sounds fascinating. And it was, I mean, yeah, and it was, I was having like a particularly bad
night too, so it was kind of funny when you talk about the psychic connection, whatever all of that
means, you know, it was kind of like, yeah, I was having a rough one, and it just, it was like,
came out from under my carport, and it looked up, and they were just right there. Wow. Okay, thanks.
That is incredible. And I went back in and kept playing video games, yeah. Whatever, geez.
Voler, I'll let you, I'll let you go now. I got a 20 minutes until a hard stop, and I usually do a
tiny bit of a Q&A right before, but real fast, where can you run through part eight real quick?
Yes, please, yes. Okay, so apparently the story of a Stargate was going around in the 1920s
in Iraq, and a lot of the world's rich and elite were kind of obsessed with it.
Apparently, some of this isn't in there, apparently who Saddam Hussein found it in like the late 80s.
And so when we went to war in 90, that's a big part of what they were looking for,
Bush and Cheney. And I guess Cheney was like obsessed with the idea of a Stargate, you know,
and this like ultimate power and time and space and all this weird stuff.
Some people have reached out to me to say that like when we invaded in 2003,
that was specifically, they were looking for that. And I think that's what they found,
purportedly, what they found in this tomb of Gilgamesh is this Stargate. And there was a story
too of, I think Russian officers in like 91 saw the US shoot down a UFO in Iraq.
Interesting.
Yeah, so basically, yeah, it looks like that's possible. Stargate, UFO, whatever. I mean,
there's this J-Rod story in the Stargate and all of that. So, yeah.
In part nine, we might see a further investigation into the Stargate because I
find that absolutely fascinating. I have a very amateur level of knowledge here.
So, it's just keeps getting crazier. So, we got part nine to look forward to and
the documentary you're starting to work on for Magenta.
That's new documentary. Yeah, definitely some stuff about the death ray x-ray or death ray
radar stuff. I don't know. I haven't really thought it out too much.
So, where, so Reddit and Medium under voller records, where else could we find you?
I started it about a year ago, losing my mind after Grush. And then my Reddit posts were getting too
long. Oh, wait, I think I lost, yeah. Where'd you go?
Oh, sorry. What was I looking for? Oh, my Medium is Escape Velocity.
Escape Velocity. Okay, I have that in your Reddit posts in the video description.
Okay, awesome. Cool. I know that we kind of glossed over some of the details, but I highly
recommend reading every single part one through eight and clicking through the links because
in every single piece you've made, you have linked a tremendous amount of third party research and
other avenues to go down. And that is my favorite thing about this research that nothing is just a
you saying, okay, here's an executive summary. It's the entire body of research with clickable
links. And people still complain. So whatever. I mean, I don't care anymore.
You can never have 100. It's too many links. Hey, man, you know how many times I get people
calling me out of my videos for not pronouncing words, right? There will always be some level
of dissatisfaction. As long as you're putting together a cohesive thesis with supporting links
and an argument, I think you're doing a fantastic job. And these eight pieces I have learned so
much from. I think they're amazing. Cool. Yeah, lost my mind. Trying to get it back now.
All right, Voler, well, I will catch up with you privately, my man. And thank you so much for
coming on the show. Once I wrap this up at here, six PM my time, I'll shoot you a text and we'll
talk a little bit more. Thank you so much, brother. I appreciate it. All right. Bye, brother.
Yeah. Okay, guys, we're going to do 15 minutes of Q&A while I get Voler signed off here.
Everybody, please thank Voler for coming on the show. He's done a tremendous eight parts.
It's incredibly difficult to try and talk about all eight parts he's done because this is like a
massive body of research. So check out all eight parts. We're going to do 15 minutes until I got
to get off of Q&A. Because you know, I love to do that at the end. If you guys will give me one
second, I'm just going to run to the restroom, put some questions up and I will get to them in
like two seconds. All right, give me less than a minute. I'll be right back.
You
know, okay, guys, I am back. So let's let's start going through some questions.
One of my boys texted me said there was a little bit of quarrel going on in the chat. So if somebody
wants to enlighten me as to what was going on, let me know. Also, I just find the connection
of the entire Bush family to the legacy programs fascinating. I think this is an avenue that
should continue to be explored and I cannot wait. So I did miss a couple super chats,
too close, two cents, fat rodents, Ort Wiener. Thank you guys so much for donating. I so
appreciated it. I didn't get a chance to look at the chat during the conversation with Volare
Records, but I appreciate him coming on the show so very much. I think those eight pieces are
fantastic. And I hope he makes a documentary on Magenta. Let's start with Big Dog. Yeah,
the Bush research is fantastic all the way from the Magenta crash to OSS to big oil companies
and so forth. So we'll start going through these. Zach, what's up, brother? Where do you draw your
line? Is open landing and contact in a military base too much fixed point out? It's like the same
time and location as Sakura. I'm not sure, especially in terms of the Holloman and Edwards
Air Force Base landing. It seems like a almost one off occurrence as far as we know of Fox,
not Fitz. Okay, okay, I see. Fox points out it's like the same time and location as Sakura.
I still find it strange, especially the Holloman Air Force Base landing is almost an isolated
incident in which beans outright present themselves. However, there is one more story
of that I'm going to cover up in my next video at an Air Force Base of some beans who almost
willingly walk out of their craft and give it up. It's a story in one of Leonard Stringfield's
crash retrievals. It's very interesting, so I can't wait to cover that. So let's see.
Okay, you guys must be chatting about some in here. Let me know what you guys have been
talking about. Have I watched the X Files mythology episode? Highly recommend no, but I've
wanted to get into X Files, especially a couple cool people in my discord have been talking about
X Files and one of the creators I think Frost and how X Files may have had a little bit of
interesting inside tidbits in terms of this, in terms of their research. So
what's your opinion on Daniel Salter and the Accio? I do not know what the Accio is. So if ACIO,
I don't know if it's an acronym, so please fill me in so I can do some research.
Have you had a chance to look at Larry Reed from Lockheed? You should try and get an interview
with him. No, I have not. I still want to get, I'm still trying to get in, not contact, but a
little more information on Dr. Jim Ryder as well. But Larry Reed is up there. Did I accidentally say
cover up? I don't know. Did I? I don't think I did. I need to fix the spectacles. If I said
cover up, let me know how I said it. The Iraq Gilgameshian Bible and buried UAP rabbit hole,
it's wild. I need to read the whole part eight because the tomb of Gilgameshian Iraq and the
possible embassy being built in that region because of some sort of UAP technology or tech as well
as Dick Cheney is really interesting. I'm such a novice here. That's why I was so excited when
Voler texted me today and said that he had this part eight out on Stargate. It's wonderful.
Mentioned of X-Files and Twin Peaks, I think the same Frost, the showwriter worked on both.
Let's see. Let's see. Everybody's loving Stargate is...
Okay, let's see. Sounds like you and Voler need to get together with some of the connections you
both talked about. I'm going to make him a chart of his names and dates and overlaps.
You made him something. I'd love to see that. That's awesome. I would love to work with Voler,
Kermit, Senior Trader, 3942, a lot of guys on a joint project because there are some amazing
researchers out there that the bulk majority of their work has been put out on Reddit. If I can
help it, I'll use the platform to let some of them come on and talk about their research like
Voler. I think it's fantastic. Fringe is better than X-Files. I've never seen Fringe, so maybe I
will have to watch that. Let's keep going through. Leave the Bill Herman abduction. Maybe some new
interesting abduction stuff coming up soon, guys. I've heard Stargate is a very good show,
the original. I recently made an executive decision. I was between that and Battlestar Galactica,
the early 2000s show. I decided to go with Battlestar, so maybe I'll do Stargate next.
The first season of X-Files was based on RealPerson's FBI case, John Sousa. That sounds somewhat
familiar, but my recollection is failing me, so I need to do some extra research there.
Okay. I would love to team up with Jesse Michaels and Danny Jones. We'll see about Jesse. We never
got to get together when he was here in Colorado. Just got to be a little bit too big, but he and
I chat often, so there should be some more time soon coming up that we can link up.
Sorry. Cheney must have met with analysts at CIA's WinPack many times leading up to the
invasion of Iraq, probably. Yeah, absolutely. I still find it so interesting that,
according to Voller's research, Cheney might have had a vested interest in some exotic technologies
that Iraq. Okay, let's see. After reading through Voller's posts and watching your vids,
is there any area you recommend someone to look into, something that is often overlooked?
Patterns with bodies associated with crash retrievals. I think a lot of the time with
crash retrievals, I talk about this a lot, people are afraid to go into the territory of bodies
because it's so contentious, and a lot of people look at it with such ridicule, but bodies are
one of the most fascinating and unexplored aspects of retrieval operations. Santiago,
have I ever played Halo? Dude, is that even a question? Halo reaches my ultimate gaming experience
I've ever had. I know Halo 3 is probably considered the greatest Halo game, but I will continue to
preach that Halo reach was the pinnacle of gaming. I loved that game. Okay, so the ACIO
Advanced Contact Intelligence Organization. No, I need to look into that more. Is the
Looking Glass located at S4? Yes, Mr. Mozilla. According to Dan Burish and a couple other
alleged sources, Project Looking Glass is located at area S4. According to the design specs by
Dan Burish, S4 has five levels, with the lowest level housing J-Rod level, the level above being
like a crew quarter for testing the level above housing Project Looking Glass. Still, I get asked
this all the time when I look into Dan Burish. Probably at some point, but I got a lot of other
stuff first. The Looking Glass is pretty interesting, and there is a whole PDF. It's like a book.
It's called Project Aquarius that focuses on Dan Burish's claims in Looking Glass. I highly
recommend looking at that. I'll post a link to it in the Discord.
I do remember Reach. Reach is fantastic. The final mission, Survive, is that can bring a tear
to any man's eyes. Did you know the CIA trains psychic spies to build mental protective barriers
around CIA facilities to prevent remote viewers from spying? Yes, I did. I've heard about that.
I don't know specific instances, specifics, or specific individuals, but I have heard of that.
The CIA and private companies research into psionics and psychic powers remote viewing is
something that fascinates me greatly. Could reported classified alien religious documents
be declared constitutional violation of freedom to practice religion by the Supreme Court forcing
disclosure? That is assuming that classified alien religious documents exist, which I think
that is alleged by Bob Lazar and the Reddit biologist. I think the two people who have
commented on that, if such documents exist, I think that would bring a lot of really interesting
questions on theology. Can you please never say scintillating again? I'm sorry, I just did.
But I'll try to. The word scintillating is great.
So something or someone says, I wouldn't say remote viewing is real. I remain
unconvinced. Okay, so you're talking about remote viewing. Yeah, I would also like to
see demonstrations of remote viewing. Very interested in it. Have I come across a lab
laboratory in Italy in my research? I have never, but that might be something I'll
pull over to a voler to look into in conjunction with the magenta case.
Scintillating. Okay, guys, at this point, you know that there are many words that I pronounce
absolutely horribly in the videos I go through and try to make sure I pronounce everything
correctly, but I will miss stuff. I just can't speak too well. That being said, the new video
should be here tomorrow or Tuesday. I'm thinking Tuesday to put some extra time into it.
I really think you guys are going to enjoy this video. It is another primary investigation with
a ton of research put into it. The video I would liken it most to is the Off-World Technologies
Division. There are some pretty surprising research avenues here, so keep an eye out for that.
I'm not going to spoil the name or the subject of it. After that, we have another really cool
crash retrieval. Fire away the questions, guys. We've got a couple more minutes. If anybody's
got any more questions, maybe I'll give another hint to the next video. I guess I kind of
disclosed something. It involves mention of various Air Force bases such as Nellis. That's
going to be a cool one. I appreciate that, Hayden Pierce, even if I'm mispronouncing stuff. This one
involves the possibility of reverse engineering in various Air Force bases, most notably Nellis.
There was a reason that I talked about the U2 with Nellis and testing there at Area 51.
Area 51 is just northwest of Nellis at the Nevada Test and Training Range.
I think in the comments, some of you guys are talking about not trusting Elizondo.
What have been some of the arguments for and against Elizondo in the chat?
If you guys are talking about Elizondo, I'd like to see some of these.
A little bit of discourse in the chat. You guys, let me know what's going on.
I appreciate that, big dog. There's so many topics in this space that aren't covered
necessarily to a wide extent. As we see with Volor Records, research that even analyzing
just a small case or an individual in their connection to UAP requires a tremendous amount
of research and diving into. You haven't checked the Scott Castle USO story. Guy says he has footage
somewhere of a USO. I'd be very interested to see that. I'd like to put some more time into USO
research, especially with the implication of Woods Hole, Neuro, O&R, and so forth. If there's any USO
videos, I would like to see those. The only USO related video I've seen was a Reddit post of
just some anomalous lights under some water. This photo occurred at night. I'm sure you guys
know what I'm talking about and have seen that. Guy says he has footage somewhere, a tail has
as old as time. With many cases, there will be alleged footage. That's why stuff like
Holloman and the Edwards Air Force Base is a bit frustrating because even though somebody like
Gordon Cooper and accomplished Mercury astronaut will say that footage exists,
there's still no way to get our hands on such footage. Throughout Crash Retrieval's Parts 1-7
from Leonard Stringfield, there is also much discussion of a supposed alien autopsy as well,
some sort of lost footage. I think there was a NASA astronaut recently who mentioned seeing
some sort of NHI video as well. Were you talking about the story where a guy from the retrieval
team asked a bunch of languages but the beans are just catatonic and walk right off the craft?
Can I get the Stringfield PDF too? Yes, I will post that. No, those are two different things.
The bunch of languages is the infographics whistleblower who talks about the head doctor who
is fluent in Russian, English, Chinese, and other languages. He references some cases where the
beans found are almost children that can be led by pointing. This is a small story. It's a small
excerpt in Leonard Stringfield. I think it's Part 9 of Crash Retrieval's Part 6. Sorry,
there's a bunch of parts in it. I only make mention of this because it is of important
contextual relevance to my case. I will tell you exactly where it is, Zach. Are you in the discord?
I'll post it there. Could there be a connection between UFO and the gremlins at the RAF?
The RAF Royal Air Force claims would cause trouble for them. Quite possibly. I'm not too familiar
with the claims of RAF and the gremlins. That might be something I have to look into a little bit.
Space Geek says, thank you for all your hard work. You have the most well-researched videos.
I truly believe once the YouTube algorithm finds you, you'll have millions of subs very soon.
Thank you, ma'am. That'd be cool. I don't even know how to deal with 10,000 subs, let alone a
million. Boy, that would be a dream. I'm going to post the Discord link one more time, guys,
because Zach wants to hop in. Hop in the Discord if you want to chat about UAP during the day,
talk about anything. There's some really sharp researchers in there, too. Really sharp guys.
Zach just posted, Anthony, good show. Interesting links about EGNG, Carlisle,
and various players. Thank you. I very much appreciate that. You have a story of Eric
Tabor, especially with EGNG. Area 51 is really interesting, especially how it ties into the
donation craft theory. That patch, there was a lot of controversy around that, because I think
Eric Tabor didn't think much about it initially, so he tried to pawn it off on eBay. That's why
there was a bit of steam when Ross Colthart posted the patch initially in his presentation,
and then it images surfaced of it up on eBay. That got a little hairy at one point,
but that's a great story. Of course, Eric Tabor is a second, if not a third-hand whistleblower,
but still him talking to Arrow is still of consequence, and I still find that
extremely interesting and worth paying attention to.
You're talking about Roald Dahl. Roald Dahl talking about Gremlins. No, that's interesting,
but as a child, I loved Roald Dahl's work, especially the BIG. I'd like to check that out.
Okay, what are you guys? We'll answer a handful more, guys, and then we shall sign off, so I can
also post some of those documents and so forth in the Discord. If there's anything I forget to post,
please just let me know. My mind's going a couple miles or miles a minute when we talk, so there's
some stuff I might forget, but I know I need to post for you, Zach, that specific excerpt of
Crash Retrieval's Part 1 through 7. I'll just post the full thing, and I'd love to talk a little
bit about Michael Schratz diving into Leonard Stringfield's work, so that's another one I'd
like to look into. Guys, if there are no more questions, okay, okay, upcoming vids you are
working on, any tees? Yes, I just did tease the new video that should come out Monday or Tuesday.
I will say one word, or I guess two words, and that is reverse engineering,
and I guess another couple of words, I will say Air Force Base, and this video has been
a blast to work on just as much as the Off-World Technologies Division. That's the sort of video
I would like in it, too. Big dog, thank you so much. Thank you. I really appreciate the support,
as always, man. And if you guys are arguing about Elizondo, Yuri Geller, how did he get
brought up, and other people do, I'd love to see it in the Discord or bring up the arguments. I'd
love to see what you guys are talking about, but with that, my friends, we shall sign off for the
day, and I really appreciate everybody joining. Thank you so much. The video should be out Monday
or Tuesday, and we will have a next stream on Sunday and possibly a couple other things coming
out in between then. But thank you all so much for joining, and I will catch everybody on the next show.
