Okay. Hello, my friends. Can everybody hear us? We're live. If everybody can hear me,
Towney, 3057, I appreciate that so much, man. If everybody can hear us, just say something
in the chat. Let me know. Uh-oh. I think we're good. Yes, we can hear. Okay. All right, cool.
Let me say it again. Towney, thank you, brother. I appreciate that a lot. Welcome, guys. This
is the first live stream I have ever done. I'm here with Joey. This is his first ever
public appearance, and there's 30 people here already. So, coming through loud here,
you're being here. Yeah, thanks for having me. This was like really crazy. So, I've been
here for a few days now, and Bruce Buffer to introduce you. Real quick, yesterday I made
Joey watch a fight night, and he was craving Bruce Buffer's sweet voice and his awesome suit,
but keep going. Curb is a huge UFC fan. If you guys don't know this, it was quite wild to be on
the couch with him watching it. But yeah, so, you know, after, what's up, Bertie? A year of,
hey, Xavier, I see you there. After a year of investigating Michael Herrera's case,
so, I'm Joey is not your name on Reddit. You know, I've been investigating his case for
about a year now. Finally, for the first time, took the trip to Denver to meet up with him
for the first time, and luckily, Curb here is in the area and was gracious enough to host me.
Yeah, so, we've just had a packed few days, and with this live stream, what we want to do is just
kind of like recap, you know, how the last few days went, some of the things we did, and of course,
you know, talk about our experience with Michael. Yeah, and any questions you guys have?
List them in the chat. We'll try and get to everything. So, the story kind of went. We have
been planning this trip for a couple months. Now, of course, I've said this in some comments. I don't
know how many people have seen this, but I've been pretty public about this. I actually got to meet
Michael a couple months ago. And so, I actually took him out to dinner. He's in Colorado. Y'all
know I'm in Colorado. So, we actually got some food. So, this wasn't my first time meeting Michael,
but it was Joey's. And real quick, Boxie Brown. Yes, if you see the poster in the background,
I stepped that made this for me, and I love it. And Joey, on my main table, we go grab, oh,
if you don't mind, you got UFOs. Sub last night from Michigan, Aiklin, AFB and debunking Bob was
our strange times. Don't forget that you can click on that. We'll get to that. Joey made me this,
guys. Isn't this sweet? And you know what? He didn't ask for the logo or anything to not let
me know anything was up. So, he made this from his own hand, which is insane. As far as getting banned
for UFOs, let's, Joey, can you unban this man? What is this? What is he saying? He says he got
banned from UFOs for mentioning the Aiklin, AFB and debunking Bob Lazar. Oh, I see. I don't know
anything about that. So, yeah, I'll have to look into that. Bernie wants to know what Joey thinks
about Nathan. We will absolutely get to that when we talk, when we kind of mention it. We'll start
so kind of the weekend on Friday, Joey was here and we met up with Michael for dinner.
That's when we were originally planning to do the first live. And right after that, we've,
sorry, just looking at some comments. Sorry, guys, this is my first live. So, if anything's a bit
sloppy, that's probably why. But Friday night, we met up with Michael for dinner. He is a business
owner. So, we went to one of his videos to film an interview. And right now, we have all the footage.
We use three cameras. Joey has some incredible gear. So, it's very professionally recorded.
I think we got about like four hours of footage. I think it was less than that. I think
scallions, maybe two and a half to three hours, I think, of footage. But yeah, we set it up in one of
his conference rooms and set up a few different angles. We have like a tight shot on Michael.
Kind of felt that was important to kind of get his reaction to, you know, questions that, you know,
as they were being asked to him and kind of close up. But one thing that was really cool,
do you have the paper? The drawing? Yeah. So, at one point, you know, when he got to the craft,
we were like, hey, can you just like draw this? And so, we've got this really cool kind of sequence
of him going through, you know, kind of his memory as he's drawing this. And so, I thought that was
kind of neat, you know. I want to give a quick thank you to scallions. I really appreciate that,
brother. And Bernie and Rob here, if you, like, not agreeing with Michael, that's something that's
totally all right. This case, you know, Joey and I have discussed this at length and discussed this
with Michael. It's a, and somebody in another Discord asked a really pertinent question, like,
what is, why is it so hard for a lot of people, like including myself from the get go, you know,
but my first video I made on Michael, I was super skeptical about it. You know, why is his story
so hard to believe? And I totally understand a lot of the skepticism around Michael's story. It's a,
it's a really weird story, especially kind of factoring in like the huge UAP and Black,
about Black program operators, as well as kind of being contacted by the insider and so forth. So,
one of the things that I wanted to do with this interview, and Joey and I had talked about this
a lot, is I found in other appearances from Michael in interviews and also Nathan's appearance,
there was still a lot of confusion around Michael's Indonesia case. If I remember correctly, from
Nathan's appearance, there was a lot of confusion for people who don't know these things.
It was Michael's team leader at one point, and he was on the same deployment to Indonesia,
and he recently was interviewed by Patrick on VETA, and he doesn't believe Michael. He thinks
Michael's lying, and he provided, you know, his testimony, as well as a photograph that he
claims shows Michael, you know, kind of prepping to go into Indonesia with him.
And so, that was something we brought up to Michael as well. There's like a camouflage
match that, you know, was brought up. And the fact of the matter is, I saw some discussion
about this. Nathan was Michael's mission operation, like in the field team leader,
that, you know, a question. I see some people saying like, you know, is he a plankman?
I think Nathan's just a team leader that doesn't like Michael at all. Well, no one really,
honestly, like no one liked Michael in the platoon. The thing that was so crazy for me,
like meeting Michael for the first time in person, I mean, obviously, like over the past year, I've
gotten to know him. It was just like a profile picture. Like, I've gotten to know Michael over
the past year, but like meeting him in person, it just struck me that he is not at all the person
that Nathan describes from 2009. I've also had the opportunity to speak with a few other
people from Michael's platoon who knew him back then. And he's just a totally different person
now. You know, he's like a completely remade person. And there's some, you know, he had some
personal struggles after he got out of Marines that you can listen to his total disclosure
interview. And he kind of goes into that. And it just, it just really makes a lot of sense.
So he kind of hit rock bottom and just had this, you know, someone off in his head to like totally
change his, his life. And I just, I just had like a totally positive experience. Like, as far as his
character and his mannerisms and, you know, just like going out to eat and being polite, so polite
to the, to the staff and just attentive, you know, in conversation and stuff like that.
So that was kind of one of my big takeaways from, from meeting him in person.
And so with the, with the, the Nathan's testimony, I found a lot of factual inaccuracies just from
the time that interview was released with Nathan. A both vetted and Nathan were kind of pressing
that this mission happened that night. It was like some secret night mission that didn't,
that wasn't anything Michael had ever said. He'd always said this was a daytime mission.
They said it, similar to the Arrow historical report this had to do with extraterrestrials
and aliens. It did not. I had a couple other issues. But just like, I agree with some of the
cases, there's some of the claims that Nathan was a little dismissed. Clearly does not like Michael
kind of talking about how Michael would spend hours in the gym and just was a weirdo would
take walks by himself. So for this interview, we really wanted to nail down
a lot. Jim, Jim, thank you so much. I will get to your question in one second.
We really wanted to nail down kind of a lot of the details of kind of Michael's story,
including because one of Nathan's strongest claims is that he was on mission with Michael.
And there's no way Michael could have gone on this UFO mission. So you'll see this in our
interview, but Michael has stated before he was stationed on the USS Denver in Chow, preparing
officer meals and so forth. And we really tried to nail down the time period that this volunteer
mission where he ended up observing the UFO, he says he observed the UFO happened during one of
his shifts in kind of the Chow Hall. This approach recruited us just to volunteer for this mission.
This wasn't with his normal kind of team leader and fire team. This was a put together rag tag
kind of group of volunteers, especially. And was kind of a off the cuff mission to the point where,
remember, Mike was an M249 saw gunner. And here on this mission, he claims he was handed an M16A4
200 Norwegian Kronath. I know that. Thank you for that. I really appreciate that. Also,
Norway is one of my favorite countries on the earth. I was just in Oslo last September.
But so just kind of ironing out some of those details. And before I continue, you have anything
to add? I think one of the other inconsistencies was like, I think it was stated that like they
saw the UFO from the LZM, but they didn't see anything until they got to the top of the hill.
But yeah, the other questions, I mean, really addressing Nathan's stuff was kind of just a
small part of the interview. A lot of it was focused on things that I noticed like small
details or kind of gaps in time of his testimony where he might have skipped from one thing and
kind of like went to the next thing. And there, you know, maybe there was like a half hour in
between that kind of is fuzzy, you know, that he has never talked about. And so I tried to
identify some of those areas that would help kind of add context to the situation. And we also
talked about the inside. Yes. One of the things I'm really glad Michael talked about in this
interview because he's only kind of mentioned it kind of halfway or just in passing, but he
actually told us the story and did it live. We'll have it in the interview kind of how
he came in contact with the insider because he's just said before, oh, this insider contacted him.
If we remember to the NPC 2023, that was June 12. June 9th or 10th is when the Daily Mail
article came out. That was about Herrera's story. Pre Greer's NPC 2023, there was actually a three
day kind of closed private event. And that's where Michael first gave his testimony in a
private setting. And it was here that the insider was at this event. And once Michael gave his
testimony, Michael says that the insider kind of talked to Greer said, I know what this is,
let me try and connect with Michael. And after a little bit of phone tag with Greer and this insider,
they finally connected and this insider invited him out to this location. That is so infamous
now, kind of the most infamous part of Michael's story. Yeah. And for me, so you guys have to
understand when this was all unfolding, I was in direct contact with Michael.
First of all, he told me this insider wanted to meet him. I was like super skeptical.
It sounded like what are the chances you have like a UFO witness, and all of a sudden,
someone in the black program is going to wants to meet them. So I was super skeptical, but
I had a phone call with him the day before the meeting. That phone call has since been,
we've published that on the video that you and I did together a few months back. I kind of hear
a clip of that video, but in it you can see like I was given certain details about the location and
timing of that meeting. And ultimately,
I was able to obtain some evidence that proved Michael was on a specific helicopter.
And so I was able to track that helicopter without Michael's knowledge. And I could see exactly where
that helicopter went that day. I didn't tell Michael about this, you know, right at the start.
You know, once he got back, I spoke with him and said, you know, I started asking him some questions
and, you know, asked him like what time does he remember them taking off stuff like that. And
just like everything was lining up. I also, well, so one thing is at this point, you're
fully kind of read in on all of that evidence. Yeah. So, A, thank you so much. That's a cool name.
And I appreciate you so much. That's so kind of you. But B, the kind of a, yeah, let me,
let's get to this to kind of, but so a lot of this evidence about that initial meeting was
a helicopter kind of a visit to this location. Joey was able to track down with multiple pieces
of self-confirming data from kind of publicly available flight records. And I like, I don't
know how much I want to say about it. So you tell me some of the pieces that help that. Yeah. I mean,
the reason why it might have to be vague about like the main piece of evidence I use is like
the nature in which it was obtained could kind of compromise certain things. So,
and it's been really frustrating for me, you know, at the time, you know, I eventually revealed to
Michael like, hey, I tracked the helicopter and he was like, holy crap. And, you know, at the time,
I felt it was important to reach out to certain people, you know, certain journalists,
certain like podcasters, things like that. And just explains him to them that like, look, Michael's
not lying about this insider. Like this meeting happened, you know, like, I can't prove the
insider is who he is. But I know he went to this location that's like, I know where he went.
Herb knows exactly where he went. And it's, it's like a very interesting location. Yeah,
that's what makes things so weird because there's still a lot of like people and still a lot of
valid thoughts about, you know, is this guy disinformation? Like I totally understand that
point of view. It's totally, you know, that's kind of where my mind drifted initially to
puzzle the helicopter. But Joey also, what's the question? The helicopter equals insider.
Okay. Can you name the location, Bernie, Rob? I cannot. That's not my, that's not my location.
So, well, let me, let me address this question here. So I'm not, you're basically kind of saying,
like, am I taking evidence of a helicopter to mean that I know the insider's real? No, that's not,
that's not it. It's so initially it was the nature in which he took him to this location
just said to me that this guy at the very least has to be some sort of high level person to be
able to take him where he took him in the nature in which he did that. But now I have, I mean, we have
like third party corroboration of this insider from multiple very trusted people. Yeah, it kind
of overlines that. If you guys watched my, my witnesses one video with the story of, and that's
what I'm talking about, Doug Way. And I linked that YouTube video that's kind of talking about Area
51, stuff being moved to Doug Way or Weiner. Let me get to that in one second. But thank you so much.
But in that documentary I linked it shows like random citizens pulling up to Doug Way, right,
which is this location is not Doug Way, but random citizens being pulled up to Doug Way,
getting approached by men at arms, being held at gunpoint, being approached by Apache helicopters.
If this was just some random dude taking Michael to this location, they would have been pulled
up on and probably detained because it is a, it's not a Starbucks, right? Like he didn't get
introduced to Starbucks or something like that. Real fast, before we keep talking about that,
Ort Weiner, no, I have not heard back from TV. I will probably not be talking to him again unless
he becomes a, but yeah, I'll probably just let him, I don't, I don't really want to infringe on his
privacy anymore. But keep going. Yeah, so when I started reaching out to these different, you
know, journalists and podcasters who, you know, and I wanted, I just wanted just to say like,
Michael's not lying about this one thing, because I felt like it would just elevate,
you know, kind of the stand that like the base level of trust, instead of just kind of, you know,
just, you know, interviewing him or talking to him without having that information. Now,
unfortunately, I had to censor kind of key parts of that evidence. When I was doing these,
these calls with these people, most of them, there's a couple, I did share the full evidence,
and they were able to verify it and know the location. Verb here now, at this point, Michael
has, you know, given him the trust to be kind of like fully read in on that. So I'm like, I'm,
I just have such a relief and weight off my shoulders to finally have like someone else,
other than me, just being like, yeah, guys, trust me, who has seen the full picture of,
of like evidence of this meeting, who can kind of, you know, talk about it and be like, yeah,
I'm not an idiot. And like, do you think the insider has proof that Michael is saying the
truth or the insider just trusts Michael's story? Michael has said that the reason he
was taken to this location is because the insider told him he would be shown proof to corroborate
his story. And I think that's probably like a pretty fair guess, guess to say that, you know,
some elements of Michael's story he felt were corroborated. Bertie, I do want to tell you this,
this insider, I do not think it's in Taylor. Yeah, so no, just to, just if I could address this
question to you, I think 100% the insider knows Michael's telling the truth. Like, like, if the
insider is who he says he is, like, just logically, it doesn't make sense if he wouldn't, if he didn't
believe him. And the whole thing is like, the insider allegedly, you know, is familiar with
these types of operations. And that was, you know, one of the reasons why he wanted to,
you know, build a relationship with Michael. And actually, this was one of the questions I had
during the interview with Michael was like, why did he need or want you to kind of have this
relationship and stuff. And so Michael kind of goes into that. And it makes a lot of sense,
in my opinion, you know, kind of why they have this sort of mutual relationship and
what the insider is getting out of it from Michael. And I've struggled and grappled with this,
just Michael's whole story so much. Because if you guys remember the first video I ever did,
a couple months ago, I straight up still told I was extremely skeptical of Michael and didn't,
didn't, kind of didn't believe him over time. And especially talking to Michael, some of the,
some of the confirming elements of just meeting the insider and so forth is so strange to me.
I, I don't know kind of what the, the future of this entails or really the,
the consequence this holds to Michael or even what he saw. I still don't know that I really
would like to know, but it's such a weird story. And I think in this, this interview, which I saw
somebody asking, was it going to be out? I'm trying to add it all right now. So I will get it out this
week. But I, I just feel like this week, I know, but the people want to see it, right? I want to
get this video. I'm so excited. But it's just, it's such an interesting story. And I really do
understand it. So I want to touch back to why some people don't believe the Michael story, but
the craft, Bernie, the craft he saw was a pretty, was octagonal, kind of octagonal shape. Yeah,
throw that up there. I mean, this is just a sketch, but yeah, there's, there's some better
drawings and kind of renderings of, of the craft that he described. Oh, we also, sorry,
I don't want to track. I was just going to say, Oh, okay. How much do you trust Steven Greer?
That is a loaded question. How much do I trust Steven Greer right now? Probably a two. How much
do I trust Steven Greer's database and just people who have contacted him? Because most of the
witnesses that I found and so forth just reached out to Greer, not contacted him. High confidence in
a lot of those people. But Greer, I've made it well known. You know, maybe I haven't seen it for
myself. So I don't know if the CE five is, is legit or anything like that. I don't know. I,
that's weird. That's kind of strange to me. But I don't think, I think, I think Greer's got a huge
ego. I think he just kind of wants to possess his own witnesses. For example, Michael talk,
I think this was on the total disclosure podcast. But of course, his story came out through Greer.
He kind of maybe would have gone through different routes if he knew now, but he specifically
mentioned Greer either purposefully or mis-purposefully lying about his case. When he's had the men
of black operators, when they were pulling guns on them, Greer had said overdramatized the story
saying that the men made the Marines kind of get on their knees, turn around, guns pointing back to
their head, like almost a movie level of kind of drama. And so this happens with Michael and who
knows what other people he's talked about. It just kind of stretches the story, but just stretches
things a little bit. I think, I think if Greer eased back on the ego a bit and trying to
grift people for thousands of dollars for CE5 stuff, he'd be taken home more seriously.
But he's just an enigma to me, man. I don't know, because if you guys have read the 2001 disclosure
project briefing document, that's what, I think that is really a document, runs it back. It's
fantastic. And so that was in 2001 and 97. Where did he go wrong? That now he's trying to command
Lordship or people who contact him? I don't know. And also, like if you go through the,
if you go through the DPI archive, some of those documents he's uploaded, and I kind of felt guilty
about pulling through some of these, say they're protected by Dr. Client Privileges. Why is he posting
this stuff? It's immoral. It's absolutely immoral that he's doing that. And sometimes I feel bad
looking through that stuff, but I don't know, man. I don't like it. Interesting to know if Michael
has talked about masonry or if you have any thoughts on that. Michael was wearing a masonic pin
and he outs talked to us because of course that's so interesting. He just kind of told us that he
joined masonry because he kind of liked the kind of wealth oriented mindset and joining the group
of people and so forth. So for him, he wasn't a native mason like family wise. I don't even know
how joining masonry works, but he just joined pretty young, I think at 18. At 18? Yeah. Yeah.
But yeah, I mean, he appreciates a lot of the history behind it. And he's talked about,
he's kind of addressed the conspiracy theories and stuff like that and
on kind of other interviews and whatnot. But yeah, I mean, like the wealth aspect,
like we toured his business and it's an incredibly complex organization,
yeah, incredibly impressive. It's an eight figure business just by looking at it.
It's about no other panel. Oh, yeah, I don't remember what that was. He addressed that on the
total disclosure. Okay, I need to check it out. I checked where the pity was wearing. Yeah.
But we also talked about Kirkpatrick. Oh, yes. Okay. Yeah, guys, this is gonna be
really great too. I live in a birdie. If you're in Kentucky, my pops lives in Pendleton. I'm
out there all the time. I love Pendleton. So I'll get to this in one second, but
Arrow. So yeah, Michael did testify to Arrow and in the interview, he talks at length about that.
He testified directly to Kirkpatrick and we'll just give a little details. He, this
Jimmie, is that okay? Can you thank you? And I really appreciate that. The last time,
I'm splitting that one with you, man. I don't want anything. I really appreciate that. Thank you
so much, Jimmie. I really appreciate that. That is so kind of you. Seriously, from the bottom of
my heart. But Arrow, so he testified directly to Arrow. There were a couple people in the room.
Michael said that Dr. Kirkpatrick sat lean back with his legs crossed the whole time,
asked three questions about Indonesia, three questions because he testified in April of 2023.
So before the NPC 2023 with Greer, he said, Kirkpatrick asked three times the same question.
He said three questions, but they were the same question. He didn't type anything down. He just
had some handwritten notes. After that, Kirkpatrick and Arrow told him they would be following up
and they never did. He never heard from them again. And he was also surprised and pretty
angered when he saw historical report volume one and saw that it was completely
kind of falsifying his testimony to Arrow. You're supposed to like, as a content creator,
you got to like leave teases. You spoiled it. But still, you got to stop. I don't want to.
See, that's what I like about you. You're not like leaning into all the like kind of work.
No, I'm not going to do trailers. No, it's awesome. He thought Kirkpatrick was a total jerk.
So yeah, the question was like, who were the operators? That was like the one thing that he
was focused in on. He didn't ask anything else.
This, for what, yes, I've tried to find that person. That's in the emails. Also,
tried to talk to John Stuart. I've heard some kind of positive and negative things on that
encounter. So I really am trying to get to the bottom of it, as well as the strange connection
to the 1974 Chihuahua Mexico crash retrieval case. I want to cover it. That occurred in
Cuyome, Mexico in 1974. Supposedly a crash, UAP, a disk collided with a small Cessna airplane.
Mexican authorities retrieved the craft. A United States kind of insurgency team killed those people
and took the craft. So that's all I know about that. I know data, anything to back that up now,
but I will cover that case. Bernie, yes, if you've seen the disclosure project and you've seen
witness A or B, I can't remember which, I'm trying to find that person. They said he was Boeing
and locking Skogwork. So I'm trying to track down who that person is. I know his name because it's
actually listed, not redacted in the, in the career files, which is crazy because if you read
the disclosure project, it says AH, that's the name, AH, but in the career witness list, his name
is unredacted. So I won't hide that. If somebody beats me to finding him, fair play. But yeah,
I'm trying to track down that guy. I have a friend of a friend whose father's management
Skogwork's in the 2000s. Bernie, Rob, if you want to talk about UAP, tell him to contact me, please.
Yeah, it's been, it's been so cool to just kind of shadow over
Gerb these past few days. I mean, I think within the span of like a few days, like you've made
like two new contacts, have had conversations with, you know, some, some witnesses.
Like it's incredible. Like the hustle behind here, it's just, it's, it's really cool to see.
Yeah. So I might mention this in another video, but if you guys are watching, I would like to
tell you about something that I found. Another one of Gerr's witnesses I made contact with,
this guy's actually a PhD professor at a university, completely vetted his credentials,
not a first-hand encounter, second-hand encounter. But let me tell you about the second-hand
encounter. I have no more data on it than just speaking to this gentleman the other day.
He's actually a good point of contact. He's actually in Colorado, so I'd like to talk to him
more. But when he was in university for his PhD, are we going to see Michael in documentaries or
hearings? We'll get to that right after this story. While doing, while getting his PhD,
one of his professors was an army electrical engineer. And this is Jim, Jim, Jim there.
Jim. Wow. Thank you. You were, I'm just wondering, all right. You like $100, $100 that note to Joey.
Thank you, Bob. Thank you, Jim. That's incredible. Thank you so much. But so this guy has a second
hand encounter, right? His professor in university, getting his PhD, used to be in the army core of
electrical engineers. He used to be an electrical engineer in army engineering. So he told me back
in the 50s, early 50s, I think this might be 53 around the time of Kingman. Hey, I'll get to that
in one second. His professor, while a little liquored up at a party one night, said that one
night in the early 50s, in the middle of the night, he was woken up from his bunk. From his bunk,
he was placed in a bust, driven hours to an airstrip, but in a plate with no windows. If you
remember so far, this sounds oddly similar to Arthur Stansel in the Kingman crash. He's put in
this plane, is flown to a place in the middle of the desert, brought into a building in the middle
of the desert where a bunch of strange objects were in like an industrial laboratory. I told
it, figure out how they work. A couple years later, he asked the same professor, the professor
denied that and said, no, it was Russian objects. So that's a really interesting story. That's the
best one I'm talking about. Well, yeah, because he asked, he said, what were they? And he said,
they're not ours. Yeah, he said, they're not ours. Quote, they're not ours. Yeah. And then later on,
he's like, Oh, I didn't mean any Chai or anything when it was Russian. Yeah. So, but he didn't
believe that. No, you don't believe that because why would a PhD in electrical engineering know
that? So that's an interesting story. Three, three D monster. No, sir, I actually have my degree in
mechanical engineering. Oh, okay. Sorry about that, guys. Still working on this. In documentaries
or hearings, hearings, I would hope so. I know he's, he's willing to kind of testify of approach
documentaries. I'm not quite sure he's, he's kind of like, he doesn't want to do too many
media appearances. One of the reasons he did this interview is just because like, you know,
we've developed a relationship with Michael over the months, but do you have any other insights?
I mean, there's some stuff that I'm vaguely aware of, but I don't, I don't think it's like public yet.
But, you know, one thing I want to just kind of acknowledge as well. I spoke to Ross Colthart,
like last year, very early on, he was actually one of the first people I approached to kind of
share the evidence that I had. And he finally, you know, he did a Reddit AMA a few months ago,
and acknowledge that he's investigating Michael Herrera's case. And I've known this the whole
time. And he also recently in one of his reality check segments, you know, expressed that he finds
what he says he likes Michael, and he finds what he says credible. So I just want to like,
put that out there, you know, in case you guys missed it. This is a very interesting case. And
I mean, at this point, like, there are a lot of things that I know Michael is 100% telling the
truth about. And, you know, of course, there's a lot of things that I don't have the evidence for.
Yeah, plenty. Yeah, like, people call real fast broke Johnny like, where can I find this
custodian filing? Thank you so much. Love you, man. A lot of people call have called Joey Michael's
publicist. But, you know, you don't you do not claim to have all the all the information with
Michael, do you? No, and it's like, you know, there's a lot of times like he in the past,
like he's done interviews. Like, I didn't even know he was doing an interview. And like,
I just see it just like all you guys, you know. But, you know, I did reach out to,
like I said, Ross, and Richard Dolan, and, you know, like Chris Leto yourself. Yeah,
you know, I reach out to you, Steven Deener, because, you know, I knew that they were interested
in talking to Michael. And I was like, Hey, can I just like, you mind if I can talk to them
ahead of time? And Michael put me in touch with them sometimes or sometimes I'd reach out directly.
And I just be like, look, I'd have a private video call with them and just be like, look,
I just want to share this evidence that I have before you talk to Michael so you can see. But
I'm not like at all part of like, court meeting, his appearances or anything like that. So,
yeah, people, for a long time, people thought I was Michael, because like I was anonymous.
Yeah, but now everybody knows you Joey, this dude's a giant man. He's like, six, five,
six, four, he dwarfs me. He dwarfs Michael. But I'm not like built like you. You're,
you're like Jack. Yes, this is, this is Joey right here. Chris Leto.
I think he's gotten such things. Chris Leto is a wonderful man, a good pilot, a fantastic channel.
There was of course a period of time where, you know, the don't die, don't die. He's all dude,
he's a giant. But there was just a period of time. Do you think NASA and Space Force knows?
Space Force, I'm not quite sure. NASA, NASA's had a weird relationship with, with UAP. If you,
if you remember my last video, that kind of NASA back in the 60s and 70s would always claim they
had no kind of interest in studying UAP. But there was a good period of time in 70s, specifically
78 where there were many internal memos with NASA discussing UAP. So I'm not sure to their
extent, like if NASA is involved in black programs and reverse engineering, but NASA is very,
very interesting. Thoughts on Raytheon building UFOs and Antarctica. I've heard nothing about this,
Polaris. If you have anything to share, email me at gmail.com. I'd love to see what you say.
So we'll try to get out of these questions. Get to Patrick's. Okay. Is this, do you think Nathan
was put? No, no. He so yeah. So I got in touch with Nathan pretty early on. And he was extremely
gracious with his time, you know, going back and forth with me, you know, just kind of texting and
chatting. And, you know, quickly found out he is exactly what he says he is. I do not at all think
he's like a paid disinformation agent or anything like that. What I kind of got the vibe was he just
never liked Michael. And I got that vibe from every political member I spoke to, because
you have to understand Michael was not part of their group through boot camp, you know, he was
in a different company. He went UA, which is unauthorized absence from his original company.
He's upfront about that from his very first, you know, coming forward. Yeah. So, you know,
it was nothing he ever was hiding behind. And, you know, people accused him of like trying to hide that.
But so he got transferred to Nathan's company prior to that deployment to Indonesia.
And so all of those guys looked at him and they just think he's like a loser because, you know,
they find out he went UA and, you know, they were bullying him and he just kind of leaned
into it and kind of screwed with them back. And so none of them liked it. So that's what I recognize
for Nathan. And I mean, if you can put yourself in Nathan's shoes and, you know, the guy that you
remember being strange is coming forward with like his really extraordinary claims. And he was his
team leader, you know, at, you know, during that deployment. But, you know, I, so like, I don't
have a military background. So like, I, the, you know, if Michael has said from, from his first,
you know, testimony that the mission he was on was a volunteer pick of people from different
squads. And I think he even said different platoons because there are multiple platoons on the ship.
And so from day one, his testimony has always been that he did not deploy with his assigned
squad. So Nathan was never a part of Michael's testimony. And it's just kind of silly that like
why would Michael, like if Michael was making this up, why would he make up a
fake mission about a UFO? But then after, you know, 14 years of thinking about it and saying,
I'm going to come forward, also decide to lie about the real mission he did with Nathan. That part
has always bothered me. It just makes no sense. Because literally the only thing that puts Nathan's
testimony against Michael is Michael's denial of him going on a mission with him. So he could have
easily just said, yeah, I did two missions. I did one with a volunteer group that, you know,
saw the UAP. And then I did another regular mission with my team leader. And we didn't see
anything on that one. So I'm not sure if there was a second part to that question. We'll explore
through a couple of these. We'll be Milo. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. If you've got
any questions, I will get to them right away. Sorry, we're trying to scroll through these questions.
And I see you anonymous. What do you mean? Let us let us know what you think. Why are you staying
in a trust we grow with million claims? No evidence, because I understand how you feel.
Like here, how you think, why is that that some things are made not made public yet? I like to
think back to David Rush saying a program for reverse engineering and so forth, feudalistic
dominance. And just I still think that over time, there's a lot more interesting parallels to be
drawn to somewhat of a hidden cold war for decades between adversaries and so forth,
kind of a race to understand this technology thoughts on Kirk Patrick's new position.
DOE influence all the time. I do not like Kirk Patrick at all. And I think his interview with
Green Street was pretty funny how part two was just kind of changed to be solely discussing the
2018 Skinwalker Braving. So with the Raytheon stuff, I don't know. I don't know what I think
about Eric Hecker. Some of his claims, I know I'm talking about Michael here and discussing
how I find his claims interesting. The neutrino detector, that's a little bit hard to believe
that the neutrino detector is like a kind of like a weather weapon. I need I need to do more
study than to like have a and just to touch on the why things aren't public yet. I mean,
the group that Michael is working with, with this insider, their pro disclosure,
like this was the whole reason they connected with Michael. They have things going on that
they're trying to, you know, I think if you guys back out and kind of look at disclosure as a whole,
like there's multiple groups of people trying to push disclosure forward from different angles.
You know, you've got the legislation side of things. You have kind of, you know,
intelligence community insiders who weren't read into the program, but kind of have an idea that
there's something going on and they're kind of pushing things forward to try to get things.
And you have people in the program who just can't become public about it because they have,
you know, families and they're at risk. And I think what we're hearing not just from Michael,
but from other sources is that there needs to be more kind of whistleblower protection.
Yeah. Something I experienced outright with TB in it, this is kind of aligns with the whistleblower
protection is part of the reason I don't think he wanted to come forward with career is, you know,
having his name public, he will still lose his pension completely. You guys got a family to
provide for and so forth, but his pension will be completely gone, never get another job in
government. So more whistleblower protection seem to be in place and kind of liquid how
some whistleblowers have been treated a little bit. Do you think the next aero boss,
do you think the next aero boss will be different? Probably not. I think aero is rotten from the
inside out then, but I'd love to be proven wrong. I think there needs to be a large internal
investigation into aero. Let's see what, thank you so much Broke Johnny Live. That's your second
cash donation. I really appreciate you. We do not need any person to film these in 4K.
Yeah, footage is a weird one to me because as we saw on vetted yesterday, there was that dude at
Moopon who presented that crash retrieval photo. And it's just like, footage is a little,
is really hard to kind of authenticate or completely disprove. And at this point for me,
like in my private research, just studying footage is not enough. That's why I try and
talk to all these people. I really just want to speak to people and so forth.
I'm not, thank you for your channel. Thank you so much first, last, I appreciate you.
I want to talk to Anonymous. Yeah, I definitely understand that point of view because there's
a lot of trust me bro stuff with people like Jeremy Corbell. I think with this evidence where
Michael was taken, I think that Joey can't share it because Michael- Well, it would just
compromise the insider. Totally compromise. But like, I totally understand the sentiment and
like, I just, I had a decision. Do I just not say anything publicly, even though I know it's true?
Or what I came up with was a compromise. I said, well, let me reach out to different people who,
you know, the community mostly trusts, you know, different kind of people in the community,
podcasters, journalists and things like that and share that evidence with them. And then they can,
you know, if they think I'm full of baloney, they can call me out on it and shut me down, you know.
What I didn't expect was a lot of them kind of wanted to kind of continue their investigation
privately and not just like come forward and stuff like that. But at the end of the day,
I totally respect and understand the majority of you guys feeling like, you know, this,
you just kind of want to set this aside because that evidence isn't-
That's a good question to touch on too. Very good question.
Why would it compromise the insider? Because this, you know, these guys have kind of a regular job
as well, right? They're like, it's not just like the Black program stuff that they do,
they have kind of a regular job that they do. And so the location would kind of indicate
the people that work there, essentially, you know. So that's why. Well, there's another reason.
So you're working. It's having positive vibes. Thank you, brother. Not to trust me, bro.
Anon, I totally understand your sentiment, man. Like, I would love for Michael to talk about this.
I'd love for this thing insider to be public, but unfortunately, I don't get to call the shots
there. I'm just trying to kind of study this case as best as I can. But, you know, I completely
understand why it's frustrating, especially in a subject where a lot of people make claims
and don't really touch on it. Aztec. Aztec's a really good case I really want to cover.
So if you guys remember to, if you guys remember when I did my Wilson Davis
memo, James, the guy who actually beat the Wilson Davis memo, I become friends with him. He's a
wonderful man, a great person, and he is strongly of the mind that Aztec is a hoax. So I really want
to speak to him and why he does that. Majed Brazil, I really want to cover that too. MacMade
Studios has a terrific kind of a, have you seen that? It's a blender. It's like a recreation of
a grass retreat event. MacMade Studios. Oh, yes, yes, yes. It's super good. It's awesome. Yeah,
it is really good. But yeah, I wish more people would be public, man. Have you verified the guy
that- Yes, this is the second part of your question, Patrick, that I still talk. You know, I don't
want to, I don't want to go too far into this because I don't, yeah, I don't know how much
everyone's comfortable. So to a certain extent, I'll say that I have verified the person who sent
the text, kind of claiming that, so the context is Michael sent a, actually called,
actually this is good to explain because people don't know the context. So Michael called one of
the five Marines who witnessed this event with him to see if they'd be willing to kind of come
forward with him and, you know, be public. And he left a message and the guy replied later,
I think it was several days later, with the text message. And that's why, so like I posted the
text message. I had seen the message like months and months prior and I talked to Michael about it.
I was like, hey, do you think I can post the actual screenshot of the message? And I censored out like
the messages above and people were like, why did, you know, we want to see what was asked and all
that. The reason why it was censored is the text messages involved were from like weeks prior,
months prior. Michael had called him, left the message, but then this person responded via text.
So hopefully that kind of explains it a little bit more. But yeah, I'll just leave it there for
now because, you know, like Michael says, like none of the guys that he witnessed this with
want anything to do with this, you know, like you've got to remember like they all signed NDAs
threatening their lives and jail time and all of that. And Michael kind of, you know, violated
that NDA by coming forward. So I don't want to do anything at all to, you know, kind of
make them upset. And it's just something I'm kind of setting aside for now.
Any noticeable or notable case in Louisiana probably closest, I know, is Cape to Rodeau
1941. And that's a really interesting case. Let's try to get some of these thoughts on
Brandon Fugle and Travis Taylor. I don't have many thoughts or opinions on Brandon Fugle,
to be honest. I do think it's kind of weird. He never followed up with a green street about the
about the Shunker Patrick thing. But I don't have many thoughts or Travis Taylor is the
dude on Skinwalker Ranch, right? Travis Taylor, yeah. I don't know. I've never watched Skinwalker
Ranch. Any TV show, whether it's Ghost Hunters or any reality show. I mean, he's had other
because he has a PhD then. Yeah, he's been involved with UAT.
Tell us now, there's plans are strange. Joel says we are too. I'm really interested in Tums
lately. An interesting kind of piece on that. I don't think it's in print anymore as UFO highway
book. If you get in contact with me, I'll send that to you because it's really interesting.
I don't want to be very confused about the Nazca bodies. There's a website on this,
I want you to check out. Let me pull that up. Sorry, let me pull this up. If you're watching,
if you're interested in the bodies, it's called Crap. It's called alien-alien-project.com and you
can look at the 3D scans of all the bodies and that's just a really cool thing to look at. I don't
really have an opinion on them right now because I haven't studied too much, but it's very strange.
Ryan Roberts, 5K, USD announced who it is. I don't know who it is and so I cannot do that.
Well, where do you think the huge unmovable object that UFO Ross says,
I have heard rumors that this is Pine Gap Australia and I think that that's
probably like a pretty interesting place. I know TV said Seoul, South Korea and I know
there was a pretty good Reddit investigation in South Korea, but I'm not 100% sure if that's
accurate. Recommendations, I don't really dig into this. Yes, dude, just read into tons of
documents. That's all I can say. The way I started this was I'm just a normal dude. I'm kind of an
idiot. I like to get punched in the face for fun. I just read a lot. Speaking of jujitsu.
Yeah, I try and catalog everything I can do. My drink and sauce by the bottle, I do not. Soy
sauce. This is kombucha. It's really good, by the way. Yes, sir, I would love to.
Can we get you cloned, dude? No, I'm not giving you my DNA. That'd be weird. It'd probably be pretty
annoying to hang out with the clone of me. I'm sorry, guys. I'm trying to look through.
Yeah, Xavier, that good shout on Travis Taylor. Yeah, I thought UAP Task Force, he was on UAP
Task Force. Yeah, I completely agree with that. That's something that TV commented on in his emails.
Specifically, University Affiliated Research Centers. I still need to do some digging there,
but I think that there's some interesting things there. Taylor was also on UAP-TF. Yeah, I'm sorry,
I didn't mention that, guys. Thanks, both of you, for bringing that up. I like, of course,
not something that's pretty interesting, but there's, of course, some controversy there.
I like Monop AFD. I like nuclear-based incursion. One of my favorite stories is Bob Jacobs. Of
course, that's a dummy warhead, but you're familiar with Bob Jacobs, right? I love that story. Jesus,
all this. Okay, come on, man. Anyone bring up those new move-on photos? Yeah, we kind of touched
on a little bit. The photos are interesting, of course, but I don't know what to say. It's just
a photo, and I think the dude on the live just wanted to flash it up for a second and bring it
down. I don't know. It's a weird photo. I can't really say anything more than a strange
photo. Yeah, this is really interesting. Blue, Elizondo, and Steven G. Bean are odds with each
other. Gray said that a few thousand four-in-init tic-tacs are man-made ARBs and calls Lou a
disinformation agent. Lou has basically called Gray a fraud. So the whole thing with Green
Street and Lou, I think you guys will probably think is super interesting. I find that super
interesting. There is a strange absence of documents around Lou, and they tip, but I think
Lou is a fantastic person, but he seems like he wants disclosure, and I'm actually kind of
excited for his book. Yeah, you're going to look good. Okay, hey, this is a good point, man.
So what we kind of talked about earlier, when I brought up the 1974 Chihuahua incident,
this is in Kaio-Mei, the same region where sploxide occurs. So we're talking about the
Sentinels of Atheropoeia. Yeah, Sentinels of Atheropoeia 2004, JSA. The insider is kind of
having produced and is going through the officer review right now. So it takes place in this.
So I have a little conspiracy theory that I'm trying to look through that this 1974 Kaio-Mei
case with the American operators taking down the Mexican military retrieval team is the case
referenced in Sentinels of Atheropoeia. I need to keep looking at that, but that's something I
need to keep going through. Has my course to you? Yeah, he's talked about this kind of a lot
in terms of, he said his father has been threatened, and he says he's seen curious
kind of flyovers of helicopters almost circling strafing his place of work and so forth.
You want to touch on that before I get to this next question? Oh, no, that's all right. All right,
contact, arrival, or interstellar. That's a tough question, man, but I got to go with interstellar.
Time and no time for caution, or no time for caution is one of the best film songs of all time.
You've seen interstellar. Yeah, I would say interstellar too. Yeah, the scores.
Interstellar is a fan. All of these are great movies, especially contact. That's
severely underrated with Joni Foster. You've seen that, right? I don't think I have actually, man.
You got to see it. Yeah. That's any idea why JSOC is coming up in here. Yes, because if this
insider is telling the truth, and he's not just a disinfo guy, and he's trying to disseminate
information through Sentinels of Ether, there's a reason why he's bringing up JSOC. I just don't
understand the Sentinels of Ether. No, the disinfo angle with Michael. I also don't get the...
Like, what's the logic, guys? Like, tell me what the logic is. Like, Michael came forward,
most people didn't believe him, and so why would there be a... Like, what's the agenda? I don't
get it. You know, like, I just don't understand. And I mean, at this point, I'm like so confident
that this guy is who he says he is for a variety of reasons. I mean, I don't have, like, definitive
proof, because that would be me going through that black side and seeing it for myself. And
obviously, I didn't do that. So, like, I'm like a couple steps removed from that, I guess.
And Django. That's love, man. And that's a really cute... Do you see that?
Oh, my God. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that.
If not... If non-disclosure, if non-human intelligence exists, do you think government
wouldn't officially say, no, I don't? I don't know how many elements in government officially
know this. I'd like to look back to the early 1950s. This is something I just talked about in
the infographics video, too, within Truman and Eisenhower, and kind of the heavy possibility of
U.S. government elements losing track of the UAP situation at that time. If we look back to the
40s and 50s, you have scientists like Herman Auberth and so forth who you're talking and actually
making flight measurements and estimates of UAP flight characteristics. So, back at this time,
it was pretty well thought out to be non-human intelligence and flying saucers and so forth.
So, I don't think this is going to be done by the people. By the people, hopefully, and I hope
this, people in programs that Grush has talked about, some of his 40 witnesses, these people need
to start to test apart. Yeah. It's kind of an annoying bit of silence. What do you think of
Charles Hall? That name sounds familiar, but I can't remember. Do you know Charles Hall?
So, Julian Grocks, if you can tell me, best favorite UFO photo, my profile picture, 2006
or 2007, Wisconsin, there's a series of two of them. I love this image. I look at it just
something that kind of makes me feel a little scared inside. What do you say? I don't really
have a favorite, but I can respect why you feel like that's really compelling.
It's a great series of images that I'll provide on my community notes. There's a good kind of story
in the summary of the people who took the photos and so forth, and there's two cases of it.
Really interesting. Would you like to hear your research on value authority?
Somebody was talking about Valiant Thor in the Twitter space the other day. That's when I
messaged you and I said, these guys are talking about value authority. Oh, that's right. Yeah.
I first heard about that. I think it was Jason Sands. It was Sands? Yeah, he was on a live. He was
on an X space, rather. Okay, Valiant Thor, for any of you who don't know, Valiant Thor is like a
supposed Venusian extraterrestrial that came down in the, I think Eisenhower administration
and basically worked in the Pentagon. I first heard about this on a podcast called Mysterious
Universe. It's a really good podcast. It's a little tongue-in-cheeked, a little silly. If any of
you guys have heard that, I absolutely love that podcast. But that story is a bit, I mean, I have
no confirming evidence or things to disprove the story, but I find it a little strange that
basically an uncanny valley type human is working in the Pentagon, but I don't know. I don't have
anything to, I don't have anything to debunk that story, but I do find it a little strange.
Let's keep seeing. I do agree with what DeLaunch had on Steve's pot about Valiant Thor. I don't
know what he said, so if you know what he said, please let me know. Ross Holt Hart said it is
a psionic. Yeah, so the psionic in the, I think that was in the AMA, you know, like what's one
word everyone should be looking into to kind of push things forward or learn more about what's
going on. He said psionic. And from my perspective, that is a 100% direct reference to Michael's
testimony, you know, relaying information from the insider. Okay, that's my opinion.
And I'll just repeat that Ross is actively investigating Michael's case and finds it incredible.
I'll say that I have not talked to Ross, especially about Michael. So like, I can't add
anything there. I would love to speak to Ross, but no, like, I know you've talked to Ross, but I have
not. Yeah, I've not spoken to Ross. So I mean, I could be wrong, but like that word for me, the
first, I never heard psionic until Michael brought it up. And that was like a big part of, you know,
the whole, the whole thing with, I think I first heard about like psionic stuff back in like 20,
I can't remember the 2020s when those supposed A tip slides leaked from Chris Mellon's personal
website. I think it's slide nine, which talks like what's considered like the phenomenon is not
considered quantum physics and talk about kind of a consciousness affecting of being approximately
the UAP and so forth. So that is super, super interesting. I don't know because, you know,
I'm not a psychic. If I was, I'd make better YouTube videos, but I'm not a psychic. I don't
know anybody not psychic. So that of course is one of the toughest things for me to wrap my head
around. What soft disclosure points? I don't know because you have close encounters of the third
kind and you have a really weird, you have a lot of parallels to real life, like that eccentric
French scientist who is basically a movie analog analog to a Jacques Valais and the J. Allen,
Heineck type scientists. So I don't know, but that I'd be interested to find out. I agree.
Jay Sock was also mentioned in the article exposing the OGA. Yes, the OGA is something I'm
trying to invent investigate right now as we speak. I think that's so interesting. There's a couple
guys I'm talking to that have some poignant points on OGA and my car wolf, the former head and so
forth. So that'd be interesting. All right. What does this say? So David Gruss has confirmed that
deep state is real thoughts on the legitimacy of the USA government. Democracy is fake. I definitely
think there is a program that studies reverse engineering. We're like looking around the camera
questions to see the questions. At least from everything I've studied, I'd like to support
the thesis that there is evidence that there is a crash retrieval in reverse engineering
project that is not necessarily run by USG elements with oversight. Yeah. I mean, this stuff,
this stuff's so crazy, guys. Like I totally understand that. I mean, it's, it's, I don't know.
It's, I really don't know. It's just recalculation. Wait, but the text message from his bussy who
tells him he isn't too deep. I think your comments more common. Okay, let's keep going through.
I don't know if I consider her at this info, but the play devil's advocate would definitely
be value in elevating false whistleblowers to discredit people indirectly the whole prospect.
Yeah, totally agree. And I didn't think at the 2023, there's some kind of a little bit of false
whistleblowers and so forth. Well, one, one thing I don't understand, like people kind of
call this a Dodie Benowitz situation. And the thing I don't understand about that at all is,
you know, Benowitz didn't have the same type of experience that Herrera did. Benowitz intercepted
communications, if I'm correct. Yeah, I think it was near Mallory. No, no, that's Kenneth Arnold
near a kind of like a plateau. He thought he was intercepting like communication between
NHI and so Dodie came in and like supported that idea and like egged it on. This is like the
opposite. Like Michael saw anti gravity craft. It flew off. There's like no mistaking what his
testimony is from his perspective. So it makes no sense if Michael was making this up.
How could an insider come in and like egg him on about it being like, Oh, yeah, I saw the operation
you came, you stumbled upon. If Michael knows he's making it up, you would know the insider is lying
to him about, you know, knowing what operation he stumbled upon. So I just, I just don't even see the
logic of how that would work. So I kind of find that that comparison a little silly. Yeah, I need
to let's let's scroll keep going through. Sorry, we're trying to get through all these whack-a-mechs.
Much love, brother. Thank you. What do you think about the idea of agreements with NHI?
It's really interesting. David Gresh has commented on that as pretty much fact.
One of the things that I remember is I think it's 1954, Holloman Air Force based landing
with Eisenhower coming down to contact extra terrestrials and making some agreement with
them. There's stories that this is to allow extra terrestrials to do abductions and so forth.
And Greer has some interesting whistleblowers in his log that talked about observing like the 54
Holloman landing, what these agreements could be, why these agreements are with people that live in
this continent and not others, or if Russia is going to come out and say that Russia, China has
their own agreements. I don't know. I find it really interesting, but I struggle a lot to find out,
to think what those agreements could be. Why would an NHI, why would a NHI species need to
make agreements with humans? Yeah, I mean, it's like a lot of speculation. I really don't know.
Yeah, speculation. And there's some pretty interesting stories around there, but I really
hope we can get to the bottom of that or hear more from Gresh because I don't know.
I mean, he alluded to it. No, no, no. He said in a Ross Bullard interview in the first one,
the News Nation one, Ross says something like an agreement has been made with NHI and Gresh says,
yeah. So I don't know. Wait, is that the Joey? Yes, this is the Joey, man. This is Joey. It's not
my name. I mean, my name's not Joey, but I am Joey. It's not my name.
Quitter. Yeah, I struggle with this every day. The abduction, psionic ET communication is the
hardest part for me to wrap my head around. Yeah, and honestly, guys, I seriously think I've got
this cognitive dissonance sometimes when I'm investigating this case, and I focus in on the
tangible stuff that, you know, is in my kind of reality of what the real world is like. And so
I focus on the military stuff, the operation and things like that. And I kind of like take
a bigger, crazy picture of what Michael's claiming and just set it aside. Because like,
it's such a wild change for like how I understand what works, that it's hard for me to really accept
it. Yeah, it's something like I'm actively studying to learn more about. But, you know, for
somebody with an engineering background who's really interested in craft,
pressure, trivose, more so tangible stuff, it's really difficult for me to understand, especially
because, you know, I've had no like personal experiences with any sort of psychicness.
Laxative pain is out of play on Max pain. Thank you so much. Just dropping the Max pain right in
there. Oh, hey, that was a good game. Max pain three is going on. I played the OG Max pain
for those kind of slow and the activist GTA. I'll check that out tonight, man. Fose 1997. I
really appreciate you brother. Thoughts on Ashton and the NH three 70 videos. I don't know much.
I try to stay out of that because that seems like a really big kind of a rabbit hole. I have heard
many people say that those are debunked, but I really don't know, man. I try to say out of that.
I remember when that video was released, I was like, holy crap, that's really cool. I really don't
know much to be honest. What about you? Yeah, I mean, it's, it seems pretty compelling that they're
hoaxed. However, and I don't really like Ashton's reaction to a lot of really logical kind of
presentations like the raw the raw photos finding the original photographer took the raw photos of
the clouds and the sequence and he's kind of, you know, comebacks to those are relatively weak and
kind of emotional reactions. However, there are certain things that I find interesting
about the context of the way the videos were put together, I guess, and it makes me almost
wonder if maybe they are hoaxed, but maybe they're hoaxed by a high level government
not just a senior person, not just like a random dude like in his basement, but like maybe this was
a kind of official like project to put this out for some sort of reason because there's
there's things about the satellite, like the specific satellite that was, you know, supposedly
taking images that like how would the person know this within the timeframe and just like the
alignment of a lot of different things. And so there's a lot of, I haven't gone too deep into
it, I've really just focused on Herrera's case, but and I don't like how Ashton is handling
a lot of the criticisms and stuff, but there's still like a little piece there that I do find
interesting. Matt Ford announced that maybe the OGA has changed recently. Yeah, I remember
when that Daily Mail article about the OGA came out too, there seemed to be a lot of
kind of changes from the internet archive on kind of the flow of information from how to access the
OGA. The OGA is super interesting. Sorry, just trying to scroll through some of the questions.
Should I still report it to move on? Edward, tell me, man. Send me an email. I want to hear
about it. You might be good about gmail.com, gata scamming. I want to hear about your experience,
man. That sounds incredible. This is a great question. What are your opinions on, I think
that was a really bad idea for you to come down with on Twitter. Yeah, unfortunately, and I think
part of the thing that I think Mr. Sands made as a kind of mistake was going too much into being
too generous with providing his speculative thoughts on different questions that were totally
unrelated to his direct experience of what his encounter and his job. Because what happens is
now people get that sound bite and they think he's speaking that from a firsthand perspective
and it just kind of muddies the water. One thing that's interesting that I think we can talk about
regarding Sands, so we actually had another meeting yesterday with Michael and another individual
who was kind of behind the scenes. He's someone in the intelligence community,
someone I've been speaking to for a while, and he kind of vouched for the fact that Jason Sands
was participating in the UAP Task Force Forum. So there was some, you know, that you guys probably
remember that argument about, you know, Sands said he was part of the UAP Task Force and
but then he's like, well, I mean the forum and people kind of flipped out about that.
But from what this IC person that we saw yesterday kind of explained to us was like,
that's kind of how it was. There was like the UAP Task Force Forum was kind of this,
it's essentially like a collaborative platform that's behind, you know, a top secret clearance,
but it's accessible to a wide range of intelligence community individuals. And so what was happening
was people who were officially part of the UAP Task Force might reach out to someone in the
NGA or something and be like, oh, have you guys seen this or that? And like, you know,
people who had a personal interest in UAP could just jump in there and kind of like be like,
on the side, like do a little bit of research and like, you know, give it to the task force.
And so it was kind of, you know, the way I kind of understand it is like, you kind of felt like
you were part of the UAP Task Force if you were just part of that group. It's kind of like if
you're on like a discord chat, you would say like, oh yeah, I'm part of that group. Yeah. You know,
if you're, you know, so the way, yeah, the way we heard is you participated in kind of this forum,
so forth, kind of contributed to the UAP Task Force. And that's when he told the story.
And kind of a lot of really interesting people kind of find Sam's credible or think he's just
a fantastic person. They have wonderful things to say. Yeah. I mean, like his character alone,
I've only heard very positive things about his character. So I think, I think it's just kind
of the way he decided to come forward, just had him come forward on wrong foot. And yeah. And
again, like for me personally, I feel like it's important for whistleblowers, especially when
they first come forward, stick to your direct experiences, let people know what you're speculating.
Yeah. Or just be like, you know, I don't want to go there. Like just to cement in people's minds,
like this is their direct experience. Sorry, you're trying to like hammer through all these
questions. And I'm not going to be standing on. That's kind of, that's what we did with our Michael.
How much from, what time do you want to go to? Okay, we'll go to 5.20. So eight minutes, guys,
then we got to hop off, right? Yeah. So we'll do just a question of them. But for an interview with
Michael, we try to make sure that, that every time he was speculating about something, he made
it clear, just because we want to kind of hammer down his case from his words. So let's keep,
let's get through these. We'll stay on for a little bit more. Trollmama, thank you so much.
And I like that little beaver, beaver running through. I really appreciate you. Above Black
by Dan Sherman, I was told to read this yesterday. So I'm going to be reading that and kind of,
I'll check it and let you know what I think. I think that's my next read. Please look into
Jason Thans a little deeper. Yes. I'm currently trying to get in contact with Sans to speak to
him. I really want to talk to him. I think this was a response to the question on the guy saying
he was playing devil's advocate about Michael and the fake purposeful disinformation. I don't
think necessarily an example of elevated pulse was born. Yeah, suspicious about Jason Sans,
especially with how he came forward, right? Like this dude pops up on a Twitter space.
And especially when he kind of has an idea and runs with it. So, you know, I really wish our
first introduction with him was the James Fox, James Fox interview. Yeah, or like just some
other interview thoughts on Wagan. Wagan's awesome. Although he won't try to talk to him. I don't
think he wants to do more interviews. I've tried to contact him on massive, multiple platforms.
Sorry. You can't discredit the legitimate witnesses and whistleblowers coming down the pipe. You can
preemptively discredit the idea of a UFO whistleblower. If you're talking about Sans there,
I'm not shutting down Sans. I kind of need to talk to him personally before I can form a full
opinion, just because of how strange his coming out was on Twitter and so forth. There's a lot
of messiness there and a lot of murky waters. Because I know there's been a lot of discussion
around him and so forth. Is there any evidence at all for abductions being real? I don't know.
We were talking about the Travis Walton case today and neither of us really know what to think
about that. I don't know. I try and stay a little away from abductions a little bit,
because I know it's pretty murky. Why assuming NHI is a biological life form,
why would anything more powerful than us? I don't know. It's an interesting question.
Especially so many hypotheses as to why NHI are here and interacting or not interacting with us
is new hypothesis for one. That's a great question. It looks like anonymous is leaving
us gang. I'm sorry, man. I'm sorry I disappointed you, dude. Without disclosing names or locations,
can Joey explain? Yeah, you talked about that earlier, right? Yeah. It started from a piece of
evidence that I was able to corroborate it with multiple public sources, data sources. At this
point, I've said I've tracked the helicopter. I was able to figure out the exact helicopter that
he was on. He flew to this location. Naturally, anyone, if you know a specific aircraft, you can
go and look on flight radar and see where it went at a certain time. That was my initial thing that
was like, holy crap. Even after that, I have, now at this point, it's just, there's no doubt whatsoever.
My issue with Greer, yeah, I completely agree with that. He tried, what I've noticed and possibly
heard is that when he has a witness, he tries to claim the mess as his own so he can be the
central figure and central point of contact for everything. Trollmama, I think there's
plenty of people investigating. There's a lot of, there's a lot of really good channels on YouTube,
a lot of great people. My butthole is your butthole, Ashton. What the heck?
You didn't hear about that one? No.
We don't need to go into it. It was his little logic witness test talking about the
effects effect that was on. How does that have to do with investigating? Because he thinks all
explosions have the same pattern. He's like, you have a butthole, I have a butthole, but my
butthole's not your butthole. It was just so cringey. If you want people to take this seriously,
why would technology so overheads? Yeah, I'd like to think back to the, if we were to
give a smartphone to the ancient Romans or a nuclear bomb to people in the Victorian era.
Interesting question. I believe, I believe, so it looks like a lot of people are kind of commenting
or talking about psionics. A lot of people are kind of open to this idea, reading more,
paying attention more. That's something that I need to educate myself more on.
Yeah, there was actually a couple of people that asked this elsewhere, but Michael had
alluded to last year, actually, he was going to be kind of going out and meeting the insider again
and seeing like a demonstration of one of these psionics, attracting, calling a craft or something
like that. That kind of, that was supposed to happen last year. That fell through. Things are
kind of up in the air about that right now. It makes sense. I understand why I can't, I can't
really talk about why, but at this point, I honestly don't even think that would be even
something that, because I was kind of nervous about it to begin with, because like what,
you know, even if you could like videotape that or something, is it just going to be three, is it
just going to be three lights in the sky? Yeah. And I was kind of like, I don't know if that's
even going to be a good thing to do. And so there's other things that are kind of trying to be put
together in the background that I think are going to be a better path forward to help support
disclosure. I'll say that much. Let's keep going. So that might still happen. It's just the, I don't
know when. Thank you, brother. I appreciate the help. Samuel, forget that's a cool profile,
I've not read Trinity. I've heard a little bit of a D. Dean Johnson kind of trying to discredit
that case because I know Jacques Malay has worked on it. So I've kind of worked on that case,
but I need to educate myself a little more on that. And I would like to read Trinity and I
would like to read what a D&D Johnson says. Gary Nolan worked on a project for CIA,
someone we trust. I don't know. Gary Nolan seems to be a, I know nothing like a negative or anything
about Gary Nolan seems like an interesting do kind of pushing for disclosure. I hope his
head's in the right place. Yeah, I haven't heard about that either. But okay, bro, say this is
legit. If you listen to his interview, he's very reserved and is free to speak more. Yes,
that's why I want to talk to him because there's so much kind of drama and controversy around him
online and kind of social media spaces. But I want to talk to him and hear his story from his words.
But he still said 20 back. Yeah, I remember it like, back in like 2016 or so, I heard the first,
that first dude, he said the 20 and back thing was a thing to go work at, like they're mining on
the moon with reptilians. That requires some extraordinary proof for that. So that is,
that is something a bit strange. All right, let's get through these and then we'll start
wrapping up eminent domain. I don't think that eminent domain will ever happen. There's also
other people we've talked to, not like whistleblowers or anything, just guys with interesting
backgrounds that also don't think that happened. Private aerospace have legal rights to exploit
technology despite potential legal technology transfers. Yeah, I think probably what David
brush says is pretty interesting has a lot through it that a lot of technology is specifically craft
is stored in private domain to avoid any sort of kind of eminent domain grab or any sort of
access to this craft keeps things off books and projects and so forth. You have anything to add?
Go ahead. Okay, sorry, I just joined. Was it Joey supposed to be anonymous? Yes,
he was, but this is Joey. Well, it's like, I was never like, supposedly, it's like, if you
do you have a Reddit account? Are you anonymous on Reddit? Yeah, me too. So like, I got into this
whole thing and I was just like, that just kind of maintained. And then it got to a point where
everyone was like, why are you anonymous? And it's like, well, I don't know. And, and, you know,
things were getting, I didn't know how much dangerous put myself in. And I think at this point,
the kind of secret stuff that I knew that I was kind of nervous about having and wanted to remain
anonymous about Michael has has talked about now. So I feel a lot more comfortable kind of at least
show my face. And so I decided to do that. So because I feel like the longer I kind of remain
completely in the shadows, like the worst that's going to get in. So it really wasn't a big deal
to begin with. And so that's just why. All right, let's get through these.
Hey, what's up, Dutch in case that is a super interesting case. I think I did that in the
first ever iceberg video. Betty and Barney Hills granddaughter is a UFC fighter, Angela Hill. She
talked about that on JRE once. That was pretty interesting. I like that case. That's a really
interesting thing. Monster Hunter. Love you. For me, Travis Walton and the passing goal,
sorry, you guys know I can't pronounce anything. Our plenty evidence that NHI abductions are
in a real phenomenon. The thing with me is I kind of sit me to sit down and do like a full
investigation for myself to reach any sort of conclusion. Like I like to sit through,
read multiple books, kind of way, way things and really sit down and abductions is one thing I
really haven't given a ton of time or focus to. What about you? Yeah, I mean, guys, I'm not like
I'm not Gerb Gerbs, like researching like all these different cases and stuff. Like I, I'm just
like a normal dude. I was like a regular, like some random Redditor guy and like a rare case,
just somehow I got wrapped up into it. And that's kind of what I've been focusing on. And, you know,
so I'd love to sometime in the future, like make a website with all my documents as a repository
because I have so dang many. And, you know, like in all the, the show and all the times put the
documents and stuff I'd lead to, but I'd love like a central database of everything there.
Yeah, Forgotten Language is a super interesting. I first read that in the anonymous briefing
document for, for Congress in 2023. The Forgotten Language thing is, is sweet. There's this really
cool group of people, some great people that did a deep dive into Forgotten Languages. I need to
kind of get educated from them. Are you going back to the 1933 case I'd like to after those
recent release of RS33 documents? Big on the crypto terrestrial hypothesis, that's super
interesting too. I'd like to visit back. Trinity case is weak. You know, I need to study that as well.
Let's, I hear you, not Joey yet, not Joey. Sorry, but who was sued a broke brother? If you've seen
it in my videos, I'm Gert. This is Joey. Joey's not my name on Reddit. I'm sorry, man. I'm Gert.
Okay, let's see. Can't wait for the Obama movie. Yeah, that's weird. The Obama movie about the hill.
Yeah, but he's learning hill. Yeah. Harry. Hey, look at that dog. That's a very cute dog. True nuts
and bolts. I don't know. I got to study anything else. And Harry, thank you so much for, for both
of this. I'd like to say as, as kind of like a, but this is a great point. If abductions are
other logical, if we visit another planet, we would sample the floor and on absolutely,
absolutely. That's why it's not something to just throw away, but needs to be kind of investigated.
I would like to say for this live, you know, we didn't really know what to expect. We just kind
of wanted to talk about Michael and so forth. And you guys came with so many awesome questions.
Like this was actually really fun. So, you know, if, if you guys would like to see,
to do some more lives or see some like that, I would you want to do some more? Maybe a live
or you know, so it's like, all right, I have a ton of respect for what you do. I, I have been so
apprehensive about like becoming a content creator because it's like, you, you're very vulnerable
because, you know, if you talk about or investigate a case that you like, and you put some credibility
into it, then like later it turns out to be a complete lie on the line. It's kind of like,
that's now attached to you. And I'm like, so afraid to do that. And, and, and like this community can
can be very toxic. But like, I got to say, like your, your followers are so great. I think they
recognize like the amount of work you put into, you know, the cases that you, you create videos on
and stuff. Also, if I ever like needed hoodwinked or anything like that, and the case turns out to
be false, I'll come out and say it like, if I'm wrong about something, I'll totally do it. I,
I would like to cause that helps disclosure, right? Yeah, it's, it's, it's, yeah, it's, it's a trick.
It's like a tight wire, a tight rope because, you know, and like, how much do you talk about
speculation and then, and get into that. And, you know, even if you say like, oh, this is speculation,
people are going to be like, oh wait, he believes this. So I would like to say that, you know,
maybe Joe, you'll join me on some live streams, maybe he won't, but it would be kind of fun to do
like a one, one live a week or something like that whenever it works for anybody else. And
that will definitely not take place of regular videos because I'll let you guys know a little
secret right now before, before we wrap things up. You guys know I mentioned this a lot.
Whoever's been mentioning Magic Eyes Only, the book by Ryan S. Wood,
focuses on Crash Retrievals and, and MJ12. Who knows this book? I'm waiting.
Anyways, we'll get to Jengie Squish real fast before I talk about that. Thank you so,
dude, your profile picture is valid. Thank you so much, man. I really appreciate that. So this,
this book, Magic Eyes Only is, I fully recommend this. I'm not sponsored by the author, by the way,
about Crash Retrievals and MJ12. The author of this book, Ryan S. Wood, whose father Robert S. Wood,
who worked contracting for various defense companies and had a lot to say about MJ12, UAP and so
forth. I have contacted Ryan S. Wood. I know him. I've talked to him multiple times on the phone.
He lives near me. I will be doing an in-person project with him, kind of doing a full dive on
the MJ12 soon too. And I cannot wait for that, man. That, that's going to be an awesome case
because the MJ12 is so complex. Like I can't have like a pea grain like myself understand
everything right away. So something with Ryan S. Wood is going to be, be really great.
Yeah. So that's really cool. We'll do more lives if you guys want. And should I keep,
you got an invite to author on the show? Yes. No, no, no, no, no. So, so you remember the
interview I had with, with, with Joey about Michael, I plan to do a documentary interview with him,
where he and I have a full conversation, but splice throughout the conversation is different
studies and anecdotes and relevant documents and kind of relevant pathways to go down,
not just he and I sitting for, oh man, nobody's selling nothing here, bro. Nobody's selling
nothing. But for, for that, for that video with Ryan S. Wood, kind of sit down with him,
do an in-person video recording and kind of make that into a documentary.
But yeah, I'll do another one of these soon guys. And if you want, should I, do you keep
live streams up? Yeah. All right. Yeah, people will watch them, right? Thank you guys so much
for joining. I really appreciate every single one of your views. Like we got like 140 viewers,
which is, which is crazy, man. I love Zambia too. I've never been, but I've only been to Morocco,
so. He's done a lot of traveling. I'd like to do some more, man. The lady was, you got,
which is not going to read it, but thank you guys so much for tuning in. I really appreciate it.
I really appreciate all the good questions. Yeah, this was, this was awesome. And I appreciate
you hosting me here and, and, you know, having these, these few days together. It's been awesome.
So we'll let the Herrera video out this as soon as possible to interview. And I'm super excited
to see what you guys think, because I'd like to open up some more discussion about that.
All right. Peace. All right. Thanks, gang.
