you
Okay, okay, I don't think I got anybody in here
Let's
See rewatching. Okay. Can you guys can anybody hear me? I'm trying to set this up. I'm still pretty pretty new to lives
Just trying to check this out, I think we got three
Okay, oh, what's up quitter? How you doing, man?
Okay, what's up guys? I'll wait I'm waiting for some people to join
But I just kind of wanted to chill with everybody for a little bit
I know we got some good videos out some interesting cases
I'm actually leaving tomorrow for a trip overseas. So I just kind of wanted to check in with everybody
See what everybody's working on
Kind of understand what cases you guys are looking at also when I get some more people in here
I wanted to get some book recommendations from everybody for my trip
Good a long plane ride to Japan. So thus far. Let me see what I got
Alexander I am going to Japan
So I'm doing a little trip to Tokyo and Kyoto tomorrow and it's really weird being on a live
Talking to myself. You're not talking to myself, but you know what I mean. So for books
I'm rereading Michael Schratz
Crash retrievals of the third kind if any of you guys have heard of that
It is where Schrat got to go through Leonard Stringfield's personal archives in Cincinnati at Mufon
And he touched on some cases that Stringfield had in the crash. Oh, what's up, Joey?
What up, Joey? Joey the trip is tomorrow to Japan
Okay, I want to I want to
Want to talk about that in a second off TV. I I also don't like flying. It's not my favorite
But so tomorrow guys for for some of the the books. I mean the day after Roswell. Is that by Bill Moore, Jason?
I think it is
Because if that's if that is in fact by Bill Moore
He also
You guys know the the Grant Cameron files right Grant Cameron released all of his files recently
Downloadable. He has a lot of contacts with Bill Moore. They had a email connection. This was back in I think
1998 and they were discussing the Kalahari Desert crash back in 89 in South Africa near the coast of Botswana and of course
the primary source for that is a little controversial with a
Guy who claimed he or to be claimed he was making up his South African Air Force credentials
But Bill Moore in these texts with Grant Cameron in these emails said he had a secondary source for the Kalahari Desert crash
So I want to link up with Bill more if I can because he is still living. He's very old
I think he was born in 42 and find out who that secondary source is because the how Kalahari crash is great
if you guys have ever seen the
The video from Mack Maeve and his channel got hacked is taken down. So but that's a great video for when it gets back up
UFO connections to Iceland such as crash retrievals or such brother. Yes. I was actually looking at this yesterday. There is a case
From the 50s if you look at magic eyes only I actually lived in Iceland for a little bit
Let me see if I can remember where this was
Okay, it was in the
Jukula rivers in August of 1954
According to Ryan S. Wood one of the primary sources here is the 468 CIC detachment document titles unidentified flying objects dated October 11th
1954 so oh, okay. Okay, Philip J. Corso. Yeah, that's the day after Roswell men. Yeah, I see what you're saying that
Corso is awesome. I I actually haven't sat down and fully read day after Roswell
Which I've only listened to bits and pieces or just kind of reference the book when I needed to
Are there any reports of UFOs around only nuclear warheads artillery or nuclear facilities in general such as well
I know that of course we have Malmstrom and this was with B 52 bombers
But in the 50 Monat AFB that is where I think a disc shape craft changed its
Its altitude in a very rapid session kind of flew around a descending B 52. That's not the case. I know
So well Jimmy shoo, thank you so much for the the $20. I really appreciate that
Recommend clear intent government cover-up of UFO. Okay guys, I'm gonna actually grab a piece of paper so I can write this down and
What?
Get that to that in a second. So
All right, also
above top secret by Timothy good. That's another good piece. I'm rereading tomorrow and
Since I will be meeting up with Ryan S. Wood soon. I'm rereading all of the MJ 12 files
Maybe can I send the link to the chat and yes, okay? Let me go through these. Sorry man
What is my background and how do I get access the informants that that I give?
So my background is mechanical engineering
Studied in university got my bachelors in mechanical engineering
Currently work in the field more less so mechanical engineering more so just kind of spreadsheets and so forth
but when I started my my channel everything initially started as kind of to
Talk to friends and family who had an interest in this subject. I was the guy who they had come to to speak to
But everything was so discombobulated even my files were just rancid and all over the place. So I started my channel
Well, how I got access to these informants was I didn't give a darn about
Who I called and who I tried to talk to if you guys remember back to the UFO witnesses and so forth
I would just like these guys like MS and TV
I just would call people and I would just talk to them. So I wouldn't really care what sort of situation it was in
I know that
Now it's not really the smartest idea just a cold call because you never know
Who's on the other side, but that is how just kind of brute force
I I know in this space a lot of people aren't really willing to kind of
Put themself if there is a firing line and a firing line
But that's how you do it man
It's with the the differences with Joey, of course because I made my video on
Marines who got close to you to UFOs with Herrera and Wagan and Joey reached out to me
So that was a difference in the case
No Matthew not high-key smart AF man college was super hard for me
The only classes I did really well in were Diffie Q
So it's roll mama. Thank you very much. I appreciate that quite a bit and that's a cute gopher or badger
Whatever it is so actually what what do you guys think about the MH370 videos?
I've tended to stay away from them for now just because I know there's a lot of drama around them
And especially because the videos kind of circulate mostly on Twitter and most the research is on Twitter
I know that there's a lot of weirdly enough drama in the UAP sphere on on Twitter
So that's not necessarily my go-to where I go to kind of look at cases
I know a lot of the time whenever I hop on Twitter. I see people in in rooms just kind of a
Like drama rooms or something like that. So if you guys want to talk about MH370, I'd love to hear it
Yeah, this is also a good question. I see a lot of people talking like
You know, how does a random youtuber talk to these people and that's a great question. I am a random youtuber
but I just think the
difference is like I I
Just try really hard to speak to people and
You know since starting the channel have been able to make some good connections and you know
Talk to some interesting people and kind of gain some respects and so forth. So
Like the the start of the channel right now. That's just the beginning. You know, I have my inspirations guys like cold heart
And so forth and you know, I would love to over time talk to higher profile whistleblowers
Talk to higher profile first-hand witnesses
Do more interviews that are more documentary style. I like that versus the traditional
I sit on stream yard. I guess it's on stream yard and we talk for two hours
In my opinion at least from like what I like to watch on youtube
I'm far more interested if an interview has sort of a narrative or documentary around it
I know that's the case. I'm going to be doing with ryan s wood. Um
Because I really want to do justice to mj12
And I'm faced with a couple options right like make a 30 to 50 minute video
Just talking about the documents relaying like each line basically to
actual events that have occurred in history or talk to ryan wood
Who is kind of as much of an expert as you can possibly get to mj12?
And especially his dad who was a private aerospace contractor who started the majestic documents with mr. Wood and so forth
So I like that a lot. Read the book that tim taylor wrote zack. That's actually a great idea. I'm going to write that down too
Um, and I've heard that as as well. Uh, sorry, I'm just I'm just writing this down from zack real fast
I
Okay, that's a that's this is a great question. So the essence of mj12 is
Back in the 80s. I can't remember if it was 82 87 or
What exactly it was but there was a role of documents mailed to some, uh,
ufologists such as
such as stan freedman and these are
The mj12 documents the mj12 purports an organization within the usg established under truman handed to
Eisenhower that basically was formed a little bit before
Ross well because there are references to the interplanetary phenomenon unit, which is actually really interesting
there's actually two references there's a
A case protocol for the ipu in mj12 and there's another kind of like nine page guidelines
I'll actually maybe in
The the discord post that but so there's references to the ipu and of course the ipu the interplanetary phenomenon unit
I know I
Glanced by that my last video. I'm actually probably going to explore that in the different topic like two
Three letter agencies that are kind of unknown in another video coming soon
The ipu was referenced so the mj12 purports the original crash retrieval and reverse engineering team that operated with banna bar bush
Robert j. Oppenheimer even albert einstein
And the thing is these were all labeled hoax by fbi
You know if you look at mj12 documents and you look at this
I think it's the cia root reading room. You'll just see bogus written across the documents
There are hundreds if not thousands of mj12 documents
All talking about protocol like the somo one the special operations manual about what to do when a crash team finds biologics to
A craft to operational protocol to just discussing cases like the isenhower briefing document in 53 that discusses the 1950
El indio del Rio case and so forth
So basically the mj12 is the biggest question of are there legitimate documents?
Recorded in the public realm for the crash retrieval and reverse engineering team that dates back to the mid 40s
And that's just the simple answer. There's so much more to get into there's so much intrigue
So many of the classic ufologists stanton freedmen lennard stringfield bill more
Grant cameron
All these guys have talked so much about mj12
So I could keep talking about mj12 forever, but we'll say that probably we'll see
But the the the thing is philippe
If I want to see results in this field
I got to be willing to
kind of do the hard work that
a lot of people don't want to do and
You know to to what ends who knows dangerous, maybe I don't know but
This is subject is just too important to me to kind of
Play the safe road and I appreciate you watched everything. Thank you. It's a ton of great videos coming up, man
A ton. I'm really excited. I can't wait to get back in japan the council boys
Uh, oh, I think I know who it is. Thank you for the euro's brother
Hopefully you're able to go to the manchester card next week
If you are let me know because that actually sounds awesome
And I'm going to be really jealous except you'll have to be up at like 4 a.m
Great job on the recent videos random question. Have you given any thoughts of the alleged Costa Rica sightings in 1971 and the 2007 razor photo?
Yeah, actually the 71 photo if I sorry, let me get a sip of my gate or powerade
If I'm uh, correct here the 1971 photograph was taken from a
geographical coastal mapping plane and it depicts a classic saucer from an elevation of
Between 10 to 25 000 feet
That's a classic picture. I know it's been referenced a lot by people like uh, linda moulton
I think linda moulton howl but and so forth
Or sorry leslie keen. I'm sorry, but that is interesting. So is the razor video
It's really hard to do an analysis on the razor video because there's so few
Frans in which we see the craft
And I know so so if you guys don't know what the razor video is
It's supposedly a costa rica video of a saucer shaped uap taken in 2007 off a flip phone think a motorola razor
This depicts a craft sitting in kind of like a cavern
Resting resting resting quickly the camera shows the craft go belly up like bob lasar describes and fly off
Now the the big kind of drama here is people asking if
A little laxative pain. I didn't even notice that but oh you commented last time and max pain's a great game
Especially mass max pain three
But so that the the big controversy around that video is some people surmise that the craft is just something suspended on a string
And that's sort of the the jerking motion. So that requires some analysis, but it's it's tried to um
It's it's difficult to to study that
Edward lin
I have actually not heard of Edward lin. I'll be completely honest
So if you can tell me who that is
I'd love to know
Big fan of your efforts. Thank you very much. I appreciate that
just
Trying to have everything I do that I can be open source and
You know have the documents for everybody to read themselves and so forth
I think in the future, I'll probably make a website just because
Over time the cases get a lot more complicated and I reference a lot more
So I'd like to have a website with each case log. Maybe a transcript of the video
Maybe some snippets like when I reference a clip like David grush talking on jre because
You know, if I want to hear David grush talk about stargate, I can only have 30 seconds of footage before I might get
My butt hit with copyright
So I'd love to have that stuff on a website where there can be a little bit more context to add it in for people who prefer to
read
What's your opinion on whether or not humans can handle disclosure? This is actually a very good question
I think about this all the time
I oftentimes like to say yes
But you know, what exactly are the uh implications of of
Disclosure there's already so much negative discourse in the uap sphere in general and how people look at this topic
Uh, sometimes I have to step aside because you know, everybody I talk to are
The fine folks who watch my channel and so forth everybody who has an interest in uap
Who likes to study uap who has a pretty good case log in their brains of cases
But you know when I'm at jujitsu and people come up to me with it
Hey, you get you have that ufo youtube channel, right and they start talking it
I think the average person the public just thinks
Even they're still on the the question of are ufo is real, right?
so
When the vast majority of an american populace is just still asking the question if ufos are real
I'm not exactly sure how
Well, a populace could handle the
Kind of looming presence of a non-human intelligence on this planet
So it's a multi-layered question like we could probably talk about this for hours and hours, but i'm not sure
Uh, what's going on with the skinwalker ranch having the presentation or something wilder side?
I'm actually going to talk to jesse michael's about this. Um
I have talked to him a little bit about it because he spent some time at skinwalker ranch
I don't think he saw I don't think he said he saw anything weird
But I think he said he experienced like just kind of weird poltergeist phenomena as people call it
So I need to talk a little more about that, but it is
Rather funny with dr. Shawn Kirkpatrick that image from 2018. He looks like a kid who got his hand caught in the candy jar
Does he not he is glaring
Glaring at the camera. I've never seen a man look so furious. So
You guys know my opinion on dr. S. K. I've made videos or made that video a long time about him
And since then there's only more to discuss
And so forth. Why does this subject interest you so much? Have you ever had an experience possibly jason?
I've possibly had an experience just like everybody. I've seen weird lights in the sky things make
Making turns at 90 degree angles zigzagging across the sky
But I cannot say concretely that i've seen a definite form of a craft
I've talked about this a little bit this subject
It has been my primary interest since I was old enough to read one of my first ever books was a book on the betty and barney hill incident
I remember reading that when I was basically in diapers
and
I just
This topic is so weird to me because of the abundance of
information cases documents testimonies to kind of immerse yourself in
But the vile reaction people have back to discount. This is just a common conspiracy. So
I think what really interested me first was just the the idea of contemplating UFOs and then
The amount of evidence for that juxtaposed with the stigma that has been created. So
When I first started my channel, I was mostly interested in just kind of creating a pretty comprehensive database of cases and footage
For people to reference but as I move on I'm more interested in actually doing whatever the heck I can to
Help disclosure, however, I can in any way I can do that, you know, it's tough. I'm not a military guy. I'm not a
politician but
Yeah, so I figured my route
uh, just like some people before me like Ross could be through journalism and
Just trying to inform the public tell herms. Yes, I do and in just a few minutes. I will drop the link in the
In the chat
Mighty moh, thank you so much. It's okay that you're late to the party
You haven't missed too much. We're just kind of talking through questions just chatting
um
and
I would like do you have any book recommendations for me for my trip to japan?
um
So you can email me at uapgurb at gmail.com. I'm a little bit behind on emails just with how busy I've been
So i'm also going to be doing that on the plane
Again, that's uapgurb at gmail.com or I will post my discord invite here in a couple minutes
fat rodents
Subs we need to keep gerbs gerbs producing
comment
He just said he's a mechanical engineer by day job. Keep him producing. Thank you very much. I really appreciate the support
I'm just wondering I had an nde tell me about that
I you know the the more you immerse yourself in this
Phenomenon kind of the more interesting and the more you move outside the traditional nuts and bolts of fields to study
So I'd like to hear about that
What are your thoughts on grush being so quiet recently? I do not think that he's not that it's
I
I do not think that it's because of laziness or
Not interest. I think that the best avenues for for grush to affect change right now is probably doing stuff behind the scenes
This in my opinion has probably worked with
congress lawmakers
and so forth I
I think he he did what he needed to do in the public with his ross colt hart news nation interview
His appearance on jesse michael's and his j re appearance. I
I mean in those besides his op-ed, which I still do believe is is on the way
um
He's pretty much
Talked about everything he can publicly, right? So I think the the mostly what he's doing is behind the scenes kona
Please email me at uap grow about gmail.com if you have and I haven't responded. I'm just a little bit behind because
So dang much going on
And thanks before I continue. Thank you guys so much for asking questions and chatting
um
I really appreciate it and I love talking everybody. I'm trying to get through every single one of these because I'm very honored
Pitchforks are coming 30 years and millions of reports later
I hunter believe that they have been here since the dawn of mankind. I don't need anyone to approve what I believe
I like that mindset more and more
Grush has talked about this as well and many other people talk about the antiquity
Of the phenomenon, you know, you have the 16th century nuremberg lights
With all sorts of shapes dancing around the skies of nuremberg triangles
weird crescent shaped craft and so forth
all throughout history like the uh
I'm trying to remember like the chariots of juda back in the 11th century in a in a
Middle eastern war
If bob lasar is to be believed one of these craft was found during an archaeological dig
Many people who
Have a good basis of of credibility to stand on talk about this phenomenon being ancient
And I certainly would probably agree
patrick
Have I looked into emory smith? I have not i'm going to write that name down because
Any sort of
Uh investigation I haven't done I would love to do
Everyone comment on this defeat the algorithm. Thank you op tv. I appreciate that too
I I just you know, if I if I need help, I'll reach out to the community. I know
I talked about this in the last video, but I I wish I could get content out faster
It you know, I like
I want the creative process to be mine
So I do everything from thinking of the idea to researching to writing the script to filming to editing to posting
So I appreciate the patience with all this and you know, if I need some
If I if if I need to reach out to people I absolutely will what can the average
Working joe due to legitimize the subject more. That's a great question. I mean, um, what I would say personally is to familiarize yourself with factual data
Understand the usg's history and studying the uap phenomenon
Understand project grudge signed blue book the controversy around osap and atyp uap tf and aro
Talk about the unknown unknowns. All of these programs have registered the obfuscation of data the stigma
And when you bring up this subject at least what I'd like to do in public is not just to
Jump to okay. There's non-human intelligence on this planet
There's reverse engineering and crash retrieval programs, but it's just say wait slow down for a second
People are still arguing about our ufo is real
Well, here's how the u.s. Government has studied ufo since the 1940s
And then you can reference the condom report not the 1969 out of cu boulder condom report
But I somebody told me I said this wrong conding condom
The british mod ufo study that actually referenced the 1989 uh belgian ufo wave of triangles
You can also talk about all the australian ufo reports if you're interested in that
I think it's my us over d1
I linked to the internet archive where I referenced a couple australian
uso reports there's a full archive there
And then you can talk about canadian uh lawmakers talking about five eyes nation studying ua uap together. So
I would just talk about
stick to
Introducing people to get comfortable with the fact that ufos aren't just a conspiracy
Because the stigma has been so dang success successful at doing that
Um, yes, sir jujitsu and mixed martial arts. I love jujitsu
Uh, I had training today
I might have got a little bit of a concussion because I was doing technique with a youngster
He was trying to do a fireman's carry threw me over the back shoulder hit the head a little bit. So hopefully it's okay
Thank you. I appreciate that
I think disclosure will cause the ontological shock we've heard about to religious people
But non-religious people it's an easy pill to swallow. Uh, I've actually I've liked how the vatican has handled
Uh discussing this topic in the last couple of years talking about I think they said that god paints with a broad brush
You had a catholic priests at the uh last july congressional hearings with grush
so
I hope I like I hope non-religious people can handle this but at the same time, you know, what are
how's the average person going to
Just react in general when they find out that there is a presence on this planet that
Operates completely different to humans their modus operandi probably still not given out if there's full disclosure why they're here is unknown
How many of them are unknown where they're coming from unknown? Just kind of the fact that they're here. Um
Yes, I do know who mitiokaku is
Uh, I would love to speak to him if you have a way to talk to him. I would really like to talk to him
I have a book of his I can't remember what it's called
But I've always really enjoyed his appearances on j re uh talking about the phenomenon
They've been here
Pitchfork, they've been here forever. Nothing will change. I hope I hope that's not the case
We are at a pretty pivotal pivotal point in disclosure. I think there's been a couple times where
there has been
We've been pretty close to
Sort of disclosure events, but then moved away for various reasons
So I hope things can change now
It partly feels like the genie's a bit out of the bottle with people like grush coming out and so much kind of attention on the
UAP subject. I know it's still a little niche
After all the the excitement died down from the congressional hearings, but let's let's hope with the 2024 ndaa
Um, we can continue that. So how do you rationalize what custodian? I don't know who custodian file
Or uh, I don't know who custodian file is
So please tell me if you can
This is a great question on a sliding scale
How confident are you that michael herrera is telling the truth? This is so michael's such an interesting case for me to talk about because like
With the stuff that joey always talks about kind of the extra evidence that michael has of talking to the insider and so forth
It really is one of the most compelling pieces and I can tell you
I had a really weird moment where I actually came across this insider
completely independently
In my own research on another project
So that was really kind of weird for me. And no this insider is not anybody i've i've ever covered on the channel
I think somebody commented recently on youtube was uh, the witness i recently spoke to was he michael's insider
and no he was not but
I am
Of course, you can't prove
Indonesia although although
although
I am talking or I need to set up a call with somebody who may have some interesting information on
On indonesia back in 2009. So there's an individual. I haven't been able to connect with him yet because i've been so busy, but
I'd like to talk to him. He says he has something interesting to talk to me about the sliding scale on the high side, brother
Love the idea of the website. It would be a lot easier. Yes. Also. What is the best way to help support the efforts?
Of course, like
So I have I have a patreon
I'm not going to continue
I'm not going to advertise it too much until I feel like I have a wealth of content that can keep somebody
Busy for hours hours on end or until I'm able to get like a weekly live stream and so forth where we can discuss cases and so forth
So uh for now if you would watch the videos and share them I that would be
I would love it. I would love it. That would mean everything to me
To people who can't think past that are they going to invade us?
Yeah, I think a lot of that
I always think back to the twilight zone episode to serve man or the invading alien force
eats people
so
Yeah, the the question of invasion
I hope just because that's been so discussed by hollywood with films like independence day mars attack and so forth
I I hope people can start to move past the idea of being invaded by an ny species because
people always like to talk about the moniker if
If they wanted to invade us they already would have so I I I struggle to kind of wrap my head around that but at the same time, you know
Uh non-human intelligence. It's almost impossible to attribute motives to something that doesn't possibly has
No relation to human consciousness or synapses. I don't know. That's a it's an interesting question
In his latest interview that came out the other day sk tried to play the skinwalker ranch presentation down even more you can
Yeah, ever since that, um
fugal came up with that photo
so
Remember green street had that basement office episode or not it. Sorry. I'm sorry
He had the interview part two with sk right and that was moved back like a full week or two
I I sincerely think that episode was moved back
Slowly to do damage control on that photo because the entire second interview was just talking about how sk
Didn't know about that presentation
And he was kind of blindsided by it and he was just asked to be a consultant on it. So yeah
Sk as the kids would say he's kind of a dweeb whether we can handle the disclosure or not is irrelevant
If people believe gravity, it's better to warn them not to jump off a cliff. I yeah, I I am one for
Kind of what guys like rush a that they're still oversight necessary if there are retrieval
and uh reverse engineering programs
I think rush at it. I just rewatched his jre interview. He said that nuclear physics are available to study in an undergraduate course
But the mechanics of making a nuclear weapon are classified
I
Like to think in that ran the same realm of thought around uap still humans and the general public deserve
Disclosure about what is visiting our planet
Possibly where they come from and how they operate. It's their their modus operandi if it's known
But if still technology needs to be kept away because of various potentials of it. I still understand
The public was yeah, um, I grush talked about this as well. Um, kind of
For a forgiveness window for people who may have committed blue collar crime
In program duties, whether that be, you know, hiding away funds racketeering embezzlement
bribery
threats
anything he says when it comes down to the harm and
Possible murders that people need to be locked up an ab
Absolutely, if people have
affected human lives and ended them in for this subject. Yes, they do
Have you heard of
Daniel Salter alien contact intelligence?
No, I haven't I'm gonna write that down
Daniel
Salter I'll check that out, man. I've never heard of it
Do you have any posts? I do not yet. I'm still there are a lot of investigations. I'm trying to work on now
in the future
Kind of I'd like to start talking about kind of a ongoing case logs in the in the patreon
So have you ever looked into the connection between ny and psychedelics such as dmt?
No, I have not the only thing I know because I have a memory like a hawk
Um
Is alex jones in 2017 on jre
talking about various government organizations using
Dmt to connect with some sort of non human intelligence in the spirit realm. I have not
I know that I have some family members who have experimented with dmt
And I know some of the stuff they have seen is wild in terms of just uh kind of leaving
Not really existing in the human
Realm of thought anymore. So no, I haven't looked into that but it's very interesting
If they're able to travel to this this planet at will that they probably probably do, um, how you been I have been
Amazing
Thank you very much. If anybody's kind of new to the stream
I'm doing this because tomorrow I am taking a trip out of the country
So I just wanted to chat with everybody because of course I won't be able to get a video out
But I have a lot of projects coming back. I actually might
See what people want to see first
So on the agenda is
I want to do a video on the interplanetary phenomenon unit combined with another
Very shadowy unit that might be a little interesting to cover
I want to do a video on the kalahari incident if I can talk to bill more
Of course, I need to get to kexburg. That's one of the biggest ones the 1941 cape gerudo crash
I want to talk about scalar technologies
um, I want to talk about
Ryan wood and the mj-12 and I might also be meeting doing a little trip with uh, mr. Jesse michael's
Maybe we can collaborate on a video
That'd be awesome. I would love to do that
So you've shown evidence where hundreds of millions are allocated to black programs
But that's chump change for something like this. How can you explain the disparity?
yeah, I think that um
I think that I've just pointed out in some videos like a small number of contracts just to start kind of
illustrating a point in terms of especially when contracts are allocated where employees of various companies have said that
These large contracts don't have any kind of movement within them
And so forth. I know that kathryn austin fits in the 1990s
Who talks about the gao failed on it by the pentagon talks about billions upon billions upon billions missing in funds
So I just tackle this at a smaller scale, you know
Even I can't really conceptualize the billions and billions of billions that go into black programs
That are kind of unaccounted for so I just like to analyze from like a small small contract by contract basis and so forth
Uh, how do you make sure that you don't fall down the rabbit hole too much?
And I'm sure you keep grounded but still open to new data
That's actually probably one of the best questions I heard. I I know of of course a couple
YouTubers and so forth who cover this topic who have just kind of like struggled. Um, you know, like
Studying this so much can have adverse mental health effects
I've seen and not just from youtubers but from authors and so forth. So
To stay grounded. I think
One needs to have a life outside of uh studying uap and for me that is
Of course jujitsu, uh, my lovely girlfriend traveling
You know, you can be immersed in a rabbit hole. You want the second you go, uh,
Somebody tries to strangle you be kind of snap out a bit and are able to stay a little bit grounded
but
I think part of the the biggest thing now to kind of get trapped with the kind of
Misinformation and so forth is to really take my time to digest what I'm hearing
And to see how much of new information I can cross reference to existing cases existing documents existing
kind of knowledge out there
The vetting process in this field is so hard. There's so much misinformation so much misinformation that
You know, just got to do the best we can
treading very carefully
It seems plausible that psychedelics remove our filters that keep us from seeing paranormal phenomena
Yeah, so my family members who are actually into psychedelics
have talked about like the
Brain being a tuner for for human consciousness
So I'm trying to remember what they said they talk about how a brain is
essentially a tuner for human consciousness and on the psychedelics that
uh
More information is is taken in by your your filter your brain which it lets you exist in three dimensions
I'm trying to think this this still kind of new territory for me as you guys know
I'm not always try to be really honest about that. Um
Kind of a big nuts and bolts guys so still trying to learn trying to
Kind of understand some of those mysteries of consciousness and so forth a little more
Uh cracker jack. Thank you so much. I really appreciate that. I will use this to
Train for two days at Kodokan judo in tokyo. So I appreciate that
LC the d.o.t. Can't account for half a test is trillions worth of assets. Yeah, trill. Yeah
Please
Uh, do a video that covers thomas beardan and ning lee. I've heard both of these names before are they
associated with ning lee. I'm trying to remember. Let me know but I I absolutely will
Do you think the story about the good guys versus the bad guys inside the program is a form of diff's information
So people uh thread water loose focus researching dead ends
uh
I'm not sure. Uh, I
Logistically within a these programs like this it would make sense of kind of
Interfactionalities and so forth people who advocate for disclosure
And people who kind of want to keep the the the lid on disclosure
um
So that's actually a really good question. I I'm just trying to think of how I can best frame my
answer
Uh, do you good guys versus bad guys a form of disinformation? I
I don't necessarily just due to the amount of first hand people who have come out and
Just said the same thing that there are many elements within programs who will almost stop at nothing to
Prevent any sort of of disclosure from from popping out. I know that answer is not great
But I actually want to think a little bit harder on giving an exact
Reasoning for that question because that's a great question
Grush was busted for at least three years. Yes, this is absolutely true interviewing 40 plus people
Years of research and data acquisition
Um, Colt Hart knows where one is at. Yes, he does
I would love to know where that giant thing is buried. I would love to know but I understand why he can't talk about it
I'm very excited for imminent. I have a
Copy pre-ordered. I'm really excited to to read it really looking forward and anything Dolan puts out
I think we can all agree Dolan's one of the best of the best anything Dolan puts out is is so worth reading
Jeff if we've known that nha exists. We have acquired in reverse engineered off-world technologies for 70 years
Why would we be wasting billions looking for microbes on mars or searching for exoplanets? This is assuming that uh various
agencies like nasa the the the main components are aware of reverse engineering
programs if you go by some of the
The discussions that have been talked about these programs are so sequestered away and compartmentalized
Very very very very few people kind of under understand what's going on
um, and that would kind of be uh, my realm of thought
Is that if technology has been successfully reverse engineered?
It's not like your mission directors at nasa or or funders on congressional staff for nasa are exactly aware of kind of what's going on
I think the uap updates are like waiting
Give me elder sorals elder scroll six, please
Please because starfield uh was not great
Have I seen the infographic show about the strange encounters? Yes or or uh not on
Big foot stuff or squash to be honest. I've never really looked into any like cryptid stuff
My mind has always been on uap. However. I think I've watched uh, of course everybody knows the the youtuber wendig you
And I think I've watched this uh cryptid iceberg a few times and of course that's great, but I've never actually done any
Uh serious research into that
That's not my uh, that's not my realm of of of study
Put a lot of weight work. The weight has always been I appreciate that. Uh, hopefully to to stay on that path everything
that I put out will have research and um
Ashing behind it
Yes, actually I will do something on this. I know I'm a bit late the kona blue
Deserves one of those dives where we go in line by line, especially just because it's it's such an interesting, um
Program proposal and how it relates to big low aerospace and so forth
How do I ask question?
Amog you can just um
You can just write it out here and
Yeah, you just did. Yeah, just say anything and I will respond
Conden report us condyne. Thank you. Yeah, I I get flak all the time, but I I can't pronounce most words
it's just because uh
I don't really know how to talk
Ecology, welcome. Welcome very much
Respect your that's a cute guinea pig bgj and ma martial arts. Thank you very much. You're a cool, dude. Um
Back in dc. I'd like to go to dc. Of course, there's so many people out there. I'd like to talk to um
And just meet with so if I ever am I'll let you know
The vatican knows something they have history locked away, which means maybe it's for a good reason
Yeah, if you go by grush speaking about the 1933 magenta case
information upon the crash uap was back channeled to the us by pope
I can't remember but by the sitting pope at the time
um
The best way to de-stigmatize is just to have conversations about what people think on the topic
I often just mentioned how our government is crafting legislation. I think that's a great point. Yes
Talked to the 2023 2024 and ea a
Um just these sort of conversations where you know people immediately want to jump to aliens and craft or ufo's real
Just kind of slowing down and say hey wait. These are the facts so far
I think that's really important land and I think that's a great point
The powers that be are making panic moves. I sure as heck hope
The panic moves if they are doing it aren't too uh jarring because that could lead to some danger
When you see one at under 24 feet, you don't need oh tell tell me about that experience
I'd love to hear that that sounds like an as close of an enclosed encounter as you can get
I've had many people come forward about something they've heard or read about the topic
Yeah, yeah kind of once people understand that you take this topic seriously and once they can understand
They don't really have to be embarrassed most people will will tell you a story they had like I had a guy at
Jiu Jitsu this was a couple weeks ago once he found out about my channel he came up to me
He said you know what I like I was biking in new york back in the early 90s
And a huge triangle flew over my dad and the uh, so it's just really interesting the the stories these people tell
Phone cameras i'm not so sure about that if phone cameras don't seem to be too good at capturing much
The dolce base is real or disinfo that is a really good question. I'm not so I'm not sure
It seems like there's a little bit too much known about uh, dolce
You know there seems to be a bit too much publicly available. I'm trying to remember the uh, the ufo highway ebook by
Crap what's his name? I can't remember but who interviews colonel x who talks about everything in dolce
Maybe dolce is a red herring. Who knows? Uh, it's
It's a tough question. I sir. I don't have enough
Knowledge on dolce to have a really informed
opinion
No, I think birdie asked this too last time with tim taylor. No, it is not
Unless you have the phone. Yeah, that's true. Okay, uh
Road pirate films custodian file is a channel on youtube
He posts videos and records from cameras he had on his roof and he often captures videos objects following planes and helicopters
Oh, I'd like to check that out. That actually sounds really interesting
I'd like to look at that footage. I don't watch uh, too much footage anymore
I know that I've covered uh, two footage cases mostly. I just kind of skate documents and
And so forth a footage isn't my number one focus right now, but I I would like to
To to keep going on that. Sorry. Some sightings are literally five to ten seconds
For leaving. Yeah, love twilight zone twilight zone is great, man. If you've watched the original 50s twilight zone
fantastic Ben
One of the contracts you mentioned
loved one thing I wanted to mention is that a lot of the contracts you mentioned may be
Availability public to research. Yeah, but the internal investors as
SAIC sites took down all those those contracts, but in my video notes
I do have secondary public places where you can read about those
Contracts. Sorry, I should have said that in the video. I'm sorry, but for each contract that has been taken down
I have different links that are still publicly available to look at them
Sighting lasted tell me about your setting to pitchforks. I'd love to hear about it
If they wanted to invade us they would have done it, uh, so this uh, yeah
Not nukes and launching rockets into space
Ethan, what do you say brother?
Too funny was just watching your precious videos in your live great investigation. Really interesting to see more
But I don't know if that's that's fear. I that was I don't know
But the Ross coldheart video with that sphere is really interesting. Yeah, I've watched bits and pieces of this
This was a really great interview. I'm not familiar with the engaging the phenomenon host
But you know, if if anybody is close to him tell him that that was awesome. That was a really great video
It was uh, I think that
Semivans quote that's making the rounds about the phenomenon the truth to it being indigestible is really interesting
There is a new interview with shonkirk patrick from news nation
You know, I thought after the steven green street interview that shonkirk patrick wasn't doing more interviews. So
Why why is he doing another interview torum and
okay
I think sk is a trained intelligence officer if he can't get away with plain dumb and intentionally not looking at things
He will yeah, what's his what's his quote?
Expect me to lie as an intelligence officer. You should expect me to lie to you. I think you said that
Have you investigated cold fusion aka low energy nuclear reaction scalar physics? No, I have not I'm currently
Right now behind the scenes. I'm trying to uh educate myself a little more on the physics
I know that sounds funny coming from an engineer that I don't really understand the physics
But I really haven't spent much time uh researching physics of of of this stuff and I'd really like to so I'm trying to educate myself
Before I speak too much on a topic. I'm not too educated about no one is above the law. I agree
sk was the di
DIA during ossa an atyp. Yes, he was
What's the best way to support my work right now? Just watch the video share it with your friends
Please if you learn something talk to people about it
uh people should be
Uh discussing this subject because it's so interesting and uh, I hope that over time
There's just not as much
We we can we can do our part right now to decrease the stigma around this topic. We really can
I've seen clips like the three frames that was and I've only seen some stuff scrolling through twitter
And and that was uh, that was really interesting. I don't know. I haven't dug into that very much
These seven years have started up
Any time these last seven years more. Yes more. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. There's kind of been uh
This is a period of time where there has been
almost uh
Irreversible movement in the realm of uap
That is the uh, so infiltration by hybrids that is the original work of david
Ike right who talks about
I think it was him who who originally thought of uh, reptilians and so forth. I I've never
Really kind of dug into that topic
Uh, what is my favorite ufo k slash whistleblower?
whistleblower
Um ufo case
That's a good question. Uh, uh, let's think my favorite case. Of course, this would be a crash retrieval. Uh, I just think
Hmm
I'm not going to do a cop out by saying roswell because that's everybody's favorite taste
Hmm
I
really like
Just researching and reading about the 1974 cayome mexico case
I really like shag harbor. I really really like kexburg. Um
Right now let's
Favorite case right now at this moment. Let's say kexburg
whistleblower
Of course, I think in everybody's heart. I've talked about this before I try not to talk about them too much because I'm sort of
Blinded by bias because I want to believe him everybody's favorites bob lasar
But again, I I don't cover him or ever reference him in terms of like, okay
Like this case might be valid because remember bob lasar said this but because I want to believe him so badly growing up
What bob said just captured my mind so much but favorite whistleblower
of course
Probably one that I've covered
Who there was some a little bit of controversy around that's not technically a whistleblower that did not want
That said that his story was not true from where I found it
A little bit
I find daniel solter is a documentary called the UFO the greatest story ever denied and it's only short segments
I emailed let me check it if you email it to me and I missed it. I'm sorry about that
I'm pretty behind on email. So I will get to that
Much love from norway keep up the good work. Hey, thanks, man. I was just in norway last september
I went to jevick and oslo. I love norway
mj-12 is interesting ryanwood has yes, yes, right?
This is why ryanwood is the person i'm going to meet with on this because ryanwood is the best person
I know about mj-12
In my recent video when I talked about the non terrestrial science and technology the committee on that I
immediately reached out to ryanwood
And i'm going to be discussing with that with him more when I get back from japan i'm going to be meeting with him
So i'm really looking forward to that
What are the thoughts that we talked about this a little bit before and make sure you 70 I think I'll probably stay clear of that
For now just because of the the drama and stuff around that one thing I hope I hope you guys know for me
It's I really don't want to get interested in like
Like social media drama. I don't like that
There's no grounded. There's thousands of ny hi stories around the world if just one is true. Yes, there are
thousands um
Back a while ago some guys at jujitsu brought up that heat map
Of ufo sightings and pointed to the fact that the us was the most populated region even though it was a us study that
generated this heat map of
The coagulated ufo sightings and so forth and all you have to do is look at the hundreds of if not thousands of stories from
All around the world. There are so many rich stories. I'm hoping when i'm in japan
I can talk to some kind of local people of I can't speak japanese
But if some people speak good english ask them about local ufo stories
Pentagon still hasn't really passed an audit by the previous gao standards. I researched that a while back
Anything else?
Yeah, this is a great a great point
I'd probably recommend to anybody just some take some breaks have some hobbies outside of uap
Watch some good movies watch some science fiction watch some interstellar
Watch the expanse
Just be able to chill out for a little bit. I know that's important for me at least
What would some people are talking about saps disclosing we have people all throughout space literally a breakaway society?
Yeah, that's a that's a really interesting
Concept the the idea of the the kind of breakaway society as people reference to the reverse engineering programs
That's a lot too
Lot to explore sorry
I got caught up with this profile picture not the name my family
Does support me my mom's the best she always watches my videos and wants to talk about the cases so she's great
Come up to kexburg, you know what?
I actually would like to when I cover kexburg. That's actually a good idea. I would like to try and get boots on the ground
Uh, that actually I'd like to do that more. That'd be uh, great. I'd like to do that a lot. Zach. What's up, brother?
Any videos you think could be legit ufo's england from 98? I'm trying to think about that
So I use this a lot in my b-roll footage
One of my favorite sightings there's two sighting here
It's not the green triangle from tom DeLonge
But it's that individual's triangle sighting of the three-pointed triangle with the the red circle in the middle
That takes off at very fast speeds. I haven't done a full analysis on that but I
Really really really love that footage. I'm still I'm still kind of uh back and forth on both fly by and
The metapod I think the metapod might have a little more credence, but those still I'm still kind of trying to uh
Trying to think through a little bit. All right
Salvador paiz looks familiar and I may have worked with him in the power and propulsion division at navair packs river
Holy cow
If you were working at packs river in the propulsion and power division you very well may have that is really interesting
Uh, if you remember anything about him, let's talk. I'd love to hear about uh paiz
Let's all head out to skinwalker ranch and eat a bunch of mushrooms
That all sounds fun and dandy until the filming crew kicks us off the land
Ryan thank you for watching brother. I appreciate that. We will get to the bottom of it. I'm sure
Caught a yes. I hope so that that is going to be one of my uh greatest missions to try and do
Are there any associations between weather and UFO sightings? I actually I actually if I'll be honest
I have no idea. I really don't um, that's a that's a good question to ask if there's any variable weather padding patterns and mass sightings and so forth
I I do not know
Uh, what are your thoughts on the coast to coast am interview with victor alleged?
as foreworker who smuggled footage out of the alien interview tape, uh, I know that there's a lot of
Discussion around that. I think it's that's uh, john stewart
That's uh, john's the case. John stewart is working on is it not um
I
There was a weird connection between that and calahari I read today
In terms of in like file notes for referencing calahari
I am not quite sure. I haven't spent too much time. I know there's a lot of controversy around the video
But somebody recently was like doing an analysis where they inverted colors to track like pupil
Tracking on the supposed bean. It's it is that is uh, that's really interesting
So I would I will do a little bit more studying and kind of get back
Crade thank you. Thank you, man. I appreciate that and I'm sorry my answer to your question about
Why I do not think that good guys first bad guys is misinformation
I'm actually gonna I'll do a community post about that in the future because that's such a good question
Golden is dolin is the gold standard. I completely agree. Uh, dolin and colt heart and lenard lenard string field are my inspirations
Especially lenard string field that man's a legend. If you haven't read crash retrieval, uh one through seven
I highly recommend it. Leonard string field is an amazing individual
Why do you think he hasn't spoken recently? I do think what grush is doing is work behind the scenes
I'm not sure how much he can contribute to to a public discourse right now unless there's more senate hearings
I'm not sure what else he can say publicly
Uh to pass dopser that hasn't already been said, but of course. I don't know grush
Uh, but I would like to know what do you mean pitchfork? Everything you said is a lie
john s
My man, thank you for watching brother. I appreciate that. I agree with starfield. Yeah, I played a little bit of it and it kind of
Stunk 2017 prey. No, I really want to play that. Uh, if any of you guys here play games
Let me hear what you play. I love I love me some games. Um, so I would like to play
Starfield
I'm sorry. Sorry. I mean prey
I heard recently
Pine gap is a pretty decent location if you go to greer's dpi archive
And search and look at pine pine gap documents
I think he has two witnesses talk about pine gap and a facility there
I've also heard from some other individuals that pine gap might be the location there
There was some interesting stuff around a korea location
But I also talked to a guy who was pretty familiar with kind of fai and fight transponders and stuff
And he kind of talked about the purpose of that facility and
He said that uh, that korea location may not exactly be it
Looking cut. I appreciate that man. It's just the lighting. I'm a bit of a I'm a bit of a jelly roll right now
I do that so I can smash people in jujitsu
Path of exile a couple of my buddies play that they say it's great. I might have to
Speaking on behalf. Thank you for watching. I really appreciate that guys
This is all governments do is lie and then shame me for questioning them
You go. Yeah, I mean, uh, in many respects governments don't really have the the public's best interest in mind
I'm still waiting on some quality alien video
They are here looks cool to have atmosphere, but it'd be awesome to see something ground based on the current knowledge and culture
Yeah, I'd love I'd also love, um
if we could ever get access to the, um
satellite images that both grush and melin have discussed
Uh high quality satellite images showing uap
You're great to be an interview with a grush and alizano. That would be
Absolutely, that'd be a classic that'd be an absolute classic. I'd love to see alizano talk more
Huge fan of his interviews with kerch. I'm mongolo on the theory of everything. Those are absolutely fantastic
If you haven't watched those I highly recommended and if you haven't watched, uh, David grush's jre appearance
I highly recommend that too. I watched it, uh
Thursday for like the fifth time
I actually have some problems with joe on that interview if i'm being honest
Joe really kind of worships the ground guys like bob lasar and travis walton walk on right
He always talks about bob lasar and his credentials
But he kind of was acting a little bit negative towards grush, which was really interesting to me. Um
You know
I I just I didn't really like how joe handled that interview
I just might brother. Thank you
Toby I appreciate that. Um
I would like to
Uh, I would like to try and stream like once a week
That would actually be really fun. I'd like to do that. Are there links between her era and r.a. No, there are not
If you talk about danger like the u.s. Military is I mean the
I hope not man. I'm not
Like the u.s. Military. Yeah, yeah, yeah, you got a point
U.p. Show up in ir. That's why regular cameras don't capture them. Yeah, I've heard this too. I I can't remember. What's that gentleman who?
showed up at the um
He showed up at the sci conference
I can't remember but he's starting like a startup to track uap with various systems
I I can't remember this young man's name, but he's seen his work seems really
Promising toby. I talked about that a little bit earlier. I talked about uh the interesting aspects about
The the insider and that this case is difficult or I don't won't talk about it too publicly too much anymore just because I like
It's difficult to talk about this case without referencing kind of like the the evidence and so forth
Joey has talked about about this insider and so forth
But as I mentioned earlier, I was able to also kind of analyze this insider or find out about this individual in a roundabout way
I've seen two ufo one in texas one in houston. Tell me about him and I'd love to hear with it
I agree with watching much footage, but user five posted and read it in youtube some extremely compelling videos using the thermal camera
I'll check that out. I I would I of course love watching footage. I just don't um
I don't I just don't uh like
Focus too much on it, but yeah, I'll absolutely watch hackology. I'm an active mod of many subs due to my interest
I would love to send you my sightings. Yes, please
um
uap girl about gmail.com. I'll be spending a lot of time kind of looking at
Uh, kind of catching up with emails on my flight to japan
Are there con?
Are the contracts classified from government sites? I do not know the government sites would probably won't hear about the contracts
Jimmy, thank you very much. I really appreciate that and that's a really cool sushi shu. I um, thank you so much really
They're here and they take whatever animal person that they
have invaded long ago, so
I think it was colm kelleher that stated I'd like to know what you think about this. I think it was colm kelleher that touched on the
cattle mutilation and said that he his personal hypothesis was that
There was some sort of agency detecting detecting like
preons and local prions preons. I don't know. Okay. I'm sorry. I can speak in local cow population
What do you think about that?
You've seen the ner off website. Yes, I don't maybe not the a new version. I don't know. I could have checked that out, man
um
There's a government site of all
If there is a government site, I actually haven't found it. I usually find contracts on private company
Their various investor websites, so if there is I actually need to find that
We I ever make a video on the disclosure act 2.0. I probably will not and here's why
Actually, I haven't covered the original disclosure act. There's only minor differences in the disclosure act 2.0 the same
numerous references to
non-human intelligence legacy programs crash materials the 1954 atomic energy agreement classifying uap material as clans
Trans classified for a nuclear material
And that is how much of this has not been disclosed because anything that's new nuclear secrets doesn't really need to be disclosed
So maybe I will just because I haven't even talked about the first act in general
And at the point where see their breakaway civilization that are group keeping the locked away for good reason
um
yeah
I understand the um
I don't I struggle with the good reason. I think back to the
original news nation interview with ross colthardt
And grush said one of the reasons for this being kept secret was feudalistic dominance. Uh, I can't think of a good reason behind that
What are your thoughts on ai?
Being a part of the phenomenon. Um, I'm thinking back to section five behavioral analysis from the flyby footage from that
a
leak that occurred on I think it was 4chan that I
Still don't have really a place for um that talked about basically some craft being sort of an advanced model of of uh ai
I don't know. Um
Grush had some interesting things to talk about ai on jre too
and and especially his worries of of using ai offensively in in uh adversarial systems basically dropping the ai
expecting it to perform but then kind of not really having uh,
Not really having hackology. I just got your email. Thank you
But not really having a way to kind of control the ai. So ai is rather frightening
Uh, how it relates to the phenomenon. I'm not quite sure but I uh, I don't know
Have it dig into silicon-based life like is suggested. Yes, there is a great youtube
I watched a really good youtube documentary on silicon-based life
And there is a really good like a graphics-esque, uh youtube channel. I I can't remember
Heck, what is the name? I'll find it. No, I'll plug it. But yes, I have silicon-based life is extremely interesting
Um
So what are your thoughts on the lani's amora case?
Yes, I would love to cover more of the classic cases. Uh, currently
I'm looking at interesting parallels between the lani's amora case craft and the calahari desert south africa in 1989
alleged crash retrieval
if you look through some of the uh,
Military documents alleged military documents that were recreated discussing the 1989 craft the crash had similar
Symbology from the lani's amora case
So I do want to cover that because now I'm I'm really interested in kind of that symbology and so forth and trying to understand that
Abductions, what do I think about uh,
Stephen Greer to evil humans being michael akino the leader of this set temple
Greer is a bit of an enigma to me if I'm being honest
I'm not quite sure about so many of his motives and it's weird because so much of his research is brilliant
And then so much of what greer has done post
You know a certain date wherever we can find he started to do some some interesting stuff
Abduction cases are really interesting. I kind of mentioned earlier one of my first ever cases. I read about was betty and barney hill
um
So and of course, I know travis walton many of the famous cases
They're really interesting. I don't know what to make of them to be honest. Um
I what interests me is the intent behind
abduction, so I would want to uh, I would really kind of want to backtrack and
Try to find context around the abduction and try to determine motives as to why this happens
But abductions are really interesting and they're extremely frightening
To think of if you guys have seen fire in the sky, I know it's a dramatization about travis walton's case
The scene where travis walton is uh, basically experimented on fire in the sky came out in 93 is terrifying
I believe bob, let me know what you guys think about, uh, lasar, of course lasar is such an interesting case
Hopefully we can get to the bottom of his case
Again, like what I said is he's tough for me to talk about because I am just so biased in towards bob
I want to believe him so bad. So it's hard for me to take an objective lens because you know
I'll see problems with bob sesame. I'll say yeah, well, maybe this because I I want to believe him so darn bad
Toby, thank you very much. Uh, I I'm trying to get through everything. I'm sorry if I'm slow guys. I know I can ramble
Do you think consciousness is tied to the you I've heard that maybe these vehicles could be controlled with consciousness
And so can you elaborate on how you view consciousness?
A while ago if you asked me I probably would have said no, but over time more and more cases I follow
There's more and more kind of link between human cognition human consciousness and
UAP some of the claims that vehicles can be controlled with consciousness
Of course, you have Michael talking about p Michael Herrera talking about p3's but also backtracking a little bit
You have uh, ross colt heart talking about kind of consciousness interface with controlling craft
You also have the infographics whistleblower fees to be real
That retrieval teams need to have basically grounding mechanisms. So their brain isn't distorted by the phenomenon
You have Gary Nolan. You have Jacques Valet. You have
Lou Elizondo who's discussed this and you have many more who have talked about issues with cognition and
various problems that occur with the human mind encountering UAP
um
So at this point, I do think there is a link between consciousness and cognition and UAP what it is
I don't know. I really don't know and I'd love to find out because remember i'm coming from a realm
A science realm where you think of of synapses and stuff in in the driving cause between the human brain
But more and more I studied this phenomenon the more and more there's a strange link between these
Hey, griff, when's the next iceberg episode? Would you guys like another iceberg episode? I don't want to like
The thing is I don't want anybody to be disappointed when I put out a release
um
I would love to make more iceberg because it's kind of fun to put a little bit more human a little bit more
Or a humor a little bit more of a personal spin on stuff
But if you guys don't like the icebergs, I won't do it. But if you guys want to see some icebergs, I'll do it
I also
Maybe I'll wait till 10k. I'm going to do the taxonomy from carl nels deleted slide
Just talking about every single possible origin of nhi
so
Uh apek arts parts and analysis and their thruster experiments. I have not ch, but that sounds really good. I'm gonna write that down
Thank you guys if whenever people
Put stuff out like this for me to look at I really appreciate that from the bottom of my heart
Uh
If you had to estimate the amount of people who have been part of a crash retrieval reverse engineering team
What do you think the number is?
This is total guess, but I'd say relatively
small like
In history maybe below 500
In my guess you ate your crash retrieval teams the personnel on them are probably highly highly highly specialized
and if you look at
Remember recently I mentioned that uh christopher sharp article about the oga and jsoc
Joint special forces operations command if some of these crash retrieval operators are jsoc
They are highly trained and those don't come a dime a dozen
Ecology mj-12 fifth annual review uh written
I need to look at the if was that written by ryanwood
I gotta look at that
Rattle rattle. Thank you so much. We need to support you. Thank you. I appreciate that very much
Um, sorry, let me I'm a young richard dolin. I thank you for that. I really appreciate that. Um
I he's a true inspiration hunting victor the documentary tell me i'ma write that down
I will download that and watch that on the plane
I
Play minecraft minecraft is great bro. Everybody loves minecraft
Wow, I would love to play wow, although I think I would lose my holy cow. Are we just getting to the the games?
I'm sorry guys. I'm sorry. Uh
I'm sorry. Uh, I'm taking so slow a lot of people have called greer grifter neglecting the important work. Yes
I agree. This is why I talk
In almost every video about the 2001 disclosure briefing document
I think that piece of literature is brilliant and a must read if you haven't I highly highly highly recommend it
It's fantastic
Have you ever read inside flying objects by michael p masters? No, I haven't but michael p masters is really interesting
I'd like to uh, I'd like to get into a bit more of his work
You are a beast
bjj and i give you those guns. No, I just lift a lot of weight. Thank you
What are your thoughts on steven greer? It seems like uh
Ever hey, do you want so I've talked about greer a lot
Uh, I have mixed feelings on greer because I don't like how he charges thousands of dollars for ce5
And I don't like how he self-aggrandizes himself in his witness stories
A good example of this is michael herera's case when michael herera discusses
That he was held at gunpoint by these men
the black operators
When he observed the ufo greer likes to take it a step further by saying that he was made to turn around and get on his knees
Uh, basically thinking he's gonna get shot in the back of the head
So greer likes to kind of control these witnesses a little bit
It seems and kind of aggrandize the stories when it makes a little sense to make them seem a little bit more sensational
Sensational however at the same time
Stephen greer has done exceptional work for ufology exceptional work
2001 disclosure briefing document is a fantastic piece. I so recommend reading that the greer witness list
I talk about this every time I reference the subject these people need to be separated from greer himself
Okay, just because they're contacting greer their case a lot of people say oh like he's in contact with greer
We shouldn't look at his case. No these individuals deserve to be analyzed just as much as anybody else
Some of the work greer has done is excellent. There's a top line summary in the disclosure briefing document that talks about the program back in 2001
I I find it and I'll post it, but it's fantastic. I'll actually do a community post on it. Um
What are your thoughts on ai as an aspect we talked about that a little bit have I watched professor simon holland's
I've heard of professor simon holland, but not orford ness. I will actually get into that a little more
um
Once a spook always a spook and I remove that comment with the word line. Yeah, once a spook always a spook
Hey, man, really enjoy your detail oriented videos remind me of think anomalous who covers some of these cases when he sometimes includes details
Other researchers overlook. Thank you very much. I really appreciate those kind words
He's in project gravitar with little zars input coming out this year s4 recreated in vr in crazy detail. Yeah
um, I know on the project gravitar website or kind of some of their promotional material
They have screenshots from the craft and that's really interesting. Also mac mayve studios has a great video inside
Inside area 51 and s4. I've used some b-roll footage for that
I'd really like to collaborate with that dude because he makes some awesome stuff. But yeah, check that out. That's great
Greetings from chile. What's up, brother? Thank you very much. I really appreciate the kind words
Trying to give you money. It's okay, man. Well, thank you for having me on patreon. But I
Thank you so much day after raswell is core. So yeah, I'm sorry. I was looking at that. I think the raswell incident
That's bill more come to think of it
Game recommendations. You can never go wrong with doom 2016
Doom plus doom eternal. Yeah, the doom games are fantastic to zealot. I hope you're still here
God of war ragnarok is fantastic as well. I can't wait for that new doom game
Games games. I'm trying to think is no games have really caught my attention too much lately
I'm gonna replay ghosts of sushi ma if you haven't played that that's an excellent game. I can't wait
UAP humanoid encounters coming out of peru. No, but I know that ross coldheart just did a video on that
Those are pretty interesting. They talk about beings that like melt people's faces off
Of course, I can't discount anything. I just haven't done enough research to have a very informed opinion
It's very interesting though. And I'd like to listen to that reality check episode that talks about this
Um, what are your thoughts on the nascar mummies? I post this website last time because I talked about it on a recent video
You should check out the 3d scans of all the mummies
You can kind of go through the the different layering of them. It's super interesting
And guys in about 15 minutes. I'll have to hop off. So I'm going to get through everything because I got a pack
I haven't I haven't packed um
Huckology. Yes, I have and I will post that as well. What do you think about pyramids in Alaska?
It's one of the price locations remote view prior to his death
uh, the remote viewing is
Yeah, Alaska is a very mysterious land. I've heard of a possible reverse engineering locations in Alaska as well
I think Alaska is a very mysterious land. I
Don't know. I don't know maybe remnants of an ancient civilization in Alaska. I don't know
I do not know but that's a good question fat rodents. Thank you so much watching this with buddies
We'll tell your slimes as the kids say I say hi getting money. Thanks. Hopefully. Thank you very much. I appreciate that
Got a jet
Well, you probably signed off but have a great night, bro
I'm sure that you've seen yes, I have seen the beaver utah footage
It's pretty interesting, but I haven't given it a full analysis like I I don't want to just say like
I think this or this without uh, really thoroughly looking at something. Um, but you know, I will take a take a harder look
Listen, you know, actually that would be kind of fun if any of you guys want to kind of get together and play some games together
I'd love to do that. Colm said there seemed like there were two groups. One had the laser tech trying to go through
Uh, imitate mutilations. I had not heard that. Thank you for clearing that up
I've got to look into that as well. Say get employee. What is your day job? I am an engineer. I do mostly qa
Engineering these days and it's very boring
If you see any clear ufo company, yes, uh, jennanette is fantastic
Someone sent me one of his videos, uh, recently and they're really great. I would highly recommend
But have you blocked s but he's on mj 12. It's really good
No, I have not
No, I will read that. Thank you
Finally caught alive is the ufo news dying out. No, I do not the mall incident. No, I do not think so
I think with the 2024 I think after congress recesses in august as this issue is voted on
We'll see a lot more interesting things and I think with lulis ando's book coming out
We'll see a lot of interesting things
Ethan Simmons. Thank you very much. I really appreciate it. Enjoy japan. I'll see what other data. Thank you very much
I will use this money to feed myself some delicious sushi. Thank you so much
Uh, let me I'm trying to go fast guys. I'm sorry. I'm so slow. No sweat
Why would these uap let themselves be seen?
I don't know attributing motives to the phenomenon if you've read jock valet's book dimensions and passport to magnolia
it seems like sometimes the uh
It seems like sometimes the uap either want themselves to be seen once it disguised themselves as other things or so forth
Attributing motives and understanding. I really don't have any idea. I really don't I'd like to understand more
What about the young guy's tracking, uh, ronnie vernet? No, he was just with reality check yet
No, the the young man. I who is tracking you a photo or
Uap with his equipment. That's not him. I just can't remember what his name is
Uh, you on reddit should have posted a live chat. That's all right, man. AJ green. That's the famous
Excellent bangles player. Good name. Thank you. I appreciate that. Yes
I will be covering the maje brazil crash and I will hopefully be able to be using mac maves studios footage on that
absolutely
uh
No, I cannot
The um first australian's triangle shaped constellation a group of triangle shaped. Okay
Basically, so three stars in the triangle formation. Did they move at all in the formation or did it stay pretty uniform?
um
One sec. Sorry guys. I'm getting a call
I
Sorry guys
My bad. Oh, sorry. I didn't mean to skip over that
UAP being controlled mostly by a mic's perfect sense also the craft piloted by actual biologic nhi
It was heavily declines the 60 70s and 80s nowadays nowadays mostly ai
So yeah, that that kind of boils down to like the von neumann self replicating probe, right?
I talked about that in the infographic show. That's a pretty interesting uh idea john michael godier
Who's a great he has a great youtube channel who talks a lot about kind of
uh
Fermi paradox extraterrestrial intelligence and so forth talks often about how von neumann probe is a very applicable solution to
uh spreading the civilization basically and into its own galaxy without violating faster than light travel
and so forth so the the some
Many uap being controlled by ai does make sense if we think to that infographics video
I think it's just like the basically the uh saucers and possibly triangles that are piloted such things as bells
Spheres and so forth are are mostly drones
Capital s pattern. Oh that is interesting
It is always it is extremely interesting when you see something
In the sky that is exhibiting flight patterns that you when you start to notice one of the five or six observables of uap
And assigning this super interesting
One of the best since it made up the story to get out of it. I've heard that too and if that's the case those men are some of the
smartest people alive to make up a uap abduction story to get out of a contract
I believe bob and there's a lot of things that were corroborated, but only is the education thing
Yeah, I think the education thing is a little too uh
Played out a little people focus on that too much. Of course, it's a valuable thing to use
To kind of talk against bob, but people bring that up too much. I believe
Uh
You have one of those signed too. Yeah, that's what you can't see here is the the reactor
Uh, and how the the sports model works too. This is just an excellent piece
psionics. Yes
Lazar is definitely a friday can email you all the proof study tis and type please please uap gur about uh gmail.com if you're still here, man
I I would like to to read that a lot
They can mess with our brains experiences
Correct stan freeman didn't like lasar. Yes
Yes, or stan freeman did talk against lasar quite a bit. I'm getting to the iceberg stuff
Okay, a lot of people are interested in the the iceberg. So yeah, I will um, I will get to that a little bit
So, okay. Yeah, tommy. We talked a little bit about the face peelers
uh
So if you're interested in jsoc look into the the squadron the 24th st. Yeah
Yes, there was somebody on reddit recently like a supposed whistleblower case somebody in the 24th sts who talked about his captain
Who was pulled away for very specific duties?
Occasionally and one time he talked about seeing some sort of craft that he said wasn't ours and was very shook from it
That's a really interesting story. I believe I have that downloaded if anybody wants me to share it with them
Cracker jack, thank you very much friends have different monies. Thank you very much
I really appreciate your support on the bottom of my heart
How many things see uh, see fives or a thing? It's just
I don't know. I need mods. I I'd like mods, especially as kind of the channel grows for this stuff
but
you know, the thing is like
Everybody who types here is either wanting to talk to each other or talk to me
And I feel like I'm doing people a disservice if I'm just having somebody else filter out what they're saying like if you're typing out a
Message specifically to say something to me
You know, you are supporting this channel and I owe it to you to look at what you are saying and respond and think about it
so
mods
Mods be damned for the time moment. Um
I think that was our brain wash similar to benowitz. That's interesting
Uh, see over yeah, I I'd like to the gentleman who said he would talk to um
Or send me that information about lasar. I'd like to look at that as well. Greer is clearly a narcissist
I thought you said gerb for a second man. I was like, what the heck? But yes, I agree gerb rules you roll telekinesis beats
You're truly a young dolin. Thank you so much. Greer was an only option for many witnesses. This is an excellent point
I'm sorry for getting to this late. Greer is has been for many people the only option
Can I link to the greer briefing document? Yes, I can I'll make a community post on it. Okay
Posted on reddit. Thank you very
Yes, I've thought about this too. Um lasar after the congressional hearings did uh, I told you so but he hasn't testified
The heineck ufo report is excellent
Uh, the cia ufo paper is also excellent. I have not heard or I've not read ufo's generals pilots and government officials
I absolutely will I've linked to the ufo report and the cia ufo papers in a couple videos
So if anybody's interesting those I will watch it
The uh, okay hunting victor not out yet. Okay, but I will watch it when it comes out. I didn't know uh,
Or jog flay. Yeah, I has also mentioned that bob that he had to whoa
Green okay. Yeah, I need to study up a little bit on on that more because that's a pretty interesting theory
NASCAR mummies
He says slimes
Yeah, dude. I I'm still I still try to try to uh, not act not act too old
Do you have any really good uap videos? We might have seen I talked about this before but one of the videos
I think like lives in my head rent free is the video of the black triangle
I include a minute much of my b-roll footage
Check it out in my locky martin video
It's a footage from a handheld camera of a man taking a video of a black triangle in his backyard that exhibits four lights
One light at each vertices of the triangle and one
Uh, uh red light middle it takes off at a high speed at the end of the video
I don't know if that video is real or not. I'm not advocating for its credibility, but it's really interesting
What's up with the phoenix lights?
fantastic case uh the
Conventional explanation is the a10 warthog flares, right? But then uh pipe or
What's the dude?
What's the governor's name who came out and said he
Was disappointed and how he reacted and coming on stage with an alien suit talking about the phoenix lights
The phoenix lights is one of the most interesting cases we have in the public domain in my opinion
What do you think about the four-chan whistleblowing that claims about ufo's? Yeah, so he talks about ufo's being made like a
or
respect per purpose that
Four-chan whistleblower is insanely interesting and I will
Still cover that full thing at some point because
I love that that story. It's just really interesting
Mods are not a good policy. Oh, oh, thank you. Tommy. I appreciate that brother mods are not a good freedom
Yeah, that's the thing too like
I really don't want some uh random person kind of telling people what they can and can't say
uh
You know, I don't want that howdy from lumberton texas. What's up, man? Thank you very much for joining in vegetable gremlin
It it can feel like that. Yeah, uh
UAP feels like it never ending circus. I I empathize with that and I understand
That's why I think it's so important to kind of pick and choose what you're studying at once
You know, you see with a lot of questions people ask me
I'll be pretty outright and say I have no idea what I think on the topic because I haven't studied it
In this field spreading yourself too thin is a
massive detriment. It's really a massive detriment. So
focusing on what you like to specialize in
researching that branching out occasionally but really trying to focus in on something you can make really good progress
My specialty what I like crash retrievals reverse engineering and speaking to witnesses
First-hand witnesses that is what I like. There's so much more in this domain outside of that
But I'm spreading myself too thin and probably being a little bit demoralized if I were to do that because I can't focus on as much
I have a playlist
If you look over it help you navigate the electromagnetic. Yes, please please please please send that to me uapgrub at gmail.com
Please I I'd love to review that on my flight
It's a great time to be alive might
And also it yeah, it is this is what an interesting time to be alive
Aquedia. Yeah aquedia Peru
Uh, I'm trying to think why can't I remember what case aquedia Peru is I've referenced it before but my mind is given a blank
A deep dive in a deep dive on if s4 was real I was went to the black at the idea that the bus would be 30 knots on hook
Uh, so one of the best
I want to do a deep dive on s4 and I have a fantastic document
I want to reference for that
It is the project Aquarius document that talks about dan barish and gives a detailed layout of all seven layers of s4
And I do want to cover that
I've been yes, um tenkai, please I I'd really like to read your research
5th simington. Yes, that's the names 4chan story seems to check out
Uh, yeah, when he talks about the spheres in that he talks about them being like a hammer design, right? So
uh
Keep reading it. Okay. I've seen
uap
I've seen uap once at night three lights flying around rapid speed coming to an instant stop
okay
That is that is a very interesting case
So you saw three lights flying out of rapid speed
Coming to an instant stop
Changing colors and intensity and jumping like a mild and instant instantly continue done its previous path
That is extremely anomalous
Uh, oh I'm with the okay Puerto Rico. Yes, that is the case where there's uh, yes. Yes, okay
I know what you're talking about. That's the 2000. I think 18 footage
Where the uap is shown hovering over the town goes into water splits into two and rises
Uh tanner johnson. What's up brother? Yes, we are doing alive
How did you become interested in the ufo topic?
I think it's just the way my brain works ever since I could read one of my first ever books was on the
Betty and Barney hill abduction. I've been fascinated with the story since ever I
Since I could read since I knew how to think I have always been obsessed with ufos
But until I reached my recent age, I didn't really know how to express that, right?
and I finally came to a point in my life where I realized I has something to offer in terms of
treating the subject like I would a research paper in engineering having a thesis
Having a body of work having a body of references and making that into a video trying to make it entertaining that people could watch
Try and limit as much of my personal interest in in each video in each research project as much as possible and just deliver
the data
The facts the surrounding context on a topic. So this is just such an important topic for me. Do I believe dan barish is legitimate?
I don't know because I haven't done the um that dive yet
And I do know some interesting people who actually have no opinion on dan barish, which is interesting
Of course, he talks about j rod. He talks about uh j rod who uh bill u house talks about being retreated from the
Kingman crash the thing is with dan barish. He talks about two j rods
He talks about j rod uh ebe
5 3 az which is the kingman arizona j rod. No j rod two were recovered there
He says one was handed off to los alamos national labs one was given to
Uh, what's s4? He talks that that is a p 52, you know p 45
p 45 species and there's p 52 a riot species
So I need to do a deep dive because he's really interesting. I know the the youtube channel night shift did recently
So I'll probably wait a little bit
um
To let that all that die down and do like a full uh full research project. So you observed, um
An instantaneous deceleration and acceleration. That is fascinating
jimmy carter's ufo report. Yes jimmy carter is really so, um jimmy carter, of course
Was an advocate for uap and danie sheehan has stated he performed uap investigation for jimmy carter because of his interest
Can you try and vet?
Yes, absolutely. I will do that. Um, I'll do a I will do a full research project on his claims
Uh, his the project Aquarius and so forth because that that seems like a really interesting thing to explore op tv
Um, thank you very much. I really appreciate that
Do you know anyone approaching the uap subject from the instrumentation detection angle
There's your channel is launching model rockets into the anomalous phenomenon launching rocket. Yeah, I don't think I don't think that's a good idea
Yeah, there's that gentleman who's actually building really interesting detection software. I will find his name and I'll post about him
I'm sorry. I can't remember right now, but he is the guy right now
um
That's a yeah, that's the thing it with many sightings they last so briefly
You don't have time to get it on any filming mechanisms
Mods for time management. Obviously someone we will see we will see as we as we grow we might have more people chatting
The looking glass technology is really interesting. If you guys don't know what that is a danbury's claim
But I think level four or five and s4. There is some sort of uh, like time
manipulation project called project looking glass at s4
I'm always wary of involving ebe's living amongst human. Yes. I I am too. I always just
Taking them stepping back. Yes, uh, uh, northrop who kind of talked to I think it was
I know the video of him in a garden in which he discusses uap openly
And that is a very interesting video and when I eventually one day make a video about northrop grum and I will be referencing that
Uh, dude exchanging aliens isn't like human trafficking except with a
Yeah, it's yeah, exactly. Yeah, if danbury's is telling the truth, they're just swapping ali or et's like yugioh cards
You watching for recent. I have not if there are recent metapod videos. Please
Please show me if you guys think I'm just kind of lacking on that stuff. It's not I'm just so focused on a few aspects
Crafts retrieval reverse engineering and talking to people golden domes. Yes, I will be talking about this golden domes from danie shihan
If you guys don't know danie shihan has claimed that there's golden dome
What's known as golden dome and the cias technology used to detect uap even when they're cloaked
Thanks for the q&a. Hey, good night, brother. Good night, man. Good night from church. Nice, man. Have a great night
Agree on the looking glass comment research. Okay guys. I will uh finish up these comments. Then I got to hit the road
That's all right. I got a pack. I agree
yeah, so
Yeah, and this sort they're with danbury's there's so much to unpack it deserves a a lot of research
Yes, golden domes. We will absolutely be talking about that in the future
It was like a beacon going off on earth. They split the adamant. Yeah, that's a that's a great thing
to talk about right like a
Huge influx of uap sightings post the first atomic bomb drop. I am of the mind
I do think there's been a presence on this phenomena for quite a long time
Uh, how long that is I don't know but I think the
If we may have lit up like a beacon with the first atomic bomb dropping
I do think there has been a presence on this planet longer
Since when do you have an interest in uap's forever?
I've talked about this a few times brother
But uh, I have had an interest in uap since I could think as a human and it has been one of my biggest passions
And it wasn't until recently I learned I could
Actually try and do good on this subject
Just found your channel via jason juror. Who's jason shardrani if he's showing me out. Thank you, man. I appreciate that
Just for the record one sighting in austin ever moved. Okay, gotcha
Yes, I will cover the uap da because I never covered the 2023 variation
All right, I'll get through these and then I'm stopping with aj greens coming on iceberg
Have you ever looked in the contrail picture that when pull the pull? No, I have not but I will check that out brother
What if the reason why uap is so secretive is the nh i themselves don't uh you us
Disclose about their existence for whatever reason
Yeah, I I mean the the fact that the phenomenon itself isn't revealing itself is telling right?
Like they ultimately have the power to disclose themselves or not
Maybe they don't trust us. Maybe we are like maybe the zoo hypothesis has some truth to it that mainly we are just a piece of study
Thank you. Zach. I appreciate that man. I thank you for all of your comments on pretty much every one of my videos
She hands incredible. I uh jesse michaels has an interview coming out with she hand. I cannot wait for that
Hope you got a window seat. No man. I got the aisle. Um, but I'll probably have to trade for my girlfriend. So she'll have
I'll have a middle
Check out that. Yes. Well, unfortunately, I'll just be going to uh, tokyo and kyoto
I won't be have time to go to Hiroshima or Nagasaki
Fat rodents. Thank you
Uh, I built a technology that allows me to send chats and live streams from the past
They're super
Yeah, what?
Okay, uh, other two stars never moved up. That is very interesting
They don't like you here. Maybe it's just an uh impartialness to humans, right? Maybe it's just not even
Maybe we are to them. What answer to us?
Alpha zero. Hey, man. Nice to see you live. Thank you very much
But please don't fall into the black hole. Yes a lot of charlots and jokers. We talked about this earlier
I'll always do what I can to uh, kind of ground myself and
Kind of not fall into
Unhealthy habits. Where am I going tokyo and kyoto? I am going to I will be training at kotokan in tokyo
For a little bit of judo too. You were born in uh, yukisoka. That's awesome, bro
I'm so excited to visit your beautiful country. It's been my top destination forever. And with that guys
I am going to hit the road. So I'll
I just feel so terrible about not providing content. So I might provide like some
Community posts a little bit like articles about stuff
Because I would still like to talk about a couple things
So thank you guys so much and samuel. I see this I should interview jj. Yeah, I'll I'll talk to him
Absolutely safe travels. Thank you guys and I will when we get back get right back to the videos
And then we will also do maybe a weekly live stream where we discussed the most recent case
And kind of chat about things and with that guys, I'll catch everyone later. See you
You
