With something that stuck out so well, it's always going to be basically imprisoned in
my mind for the rest of my life, and it has been for 14 years.
You look down into the valley, and there's a clearing with a UAP just sitting there.
Sitting there rotating clockwise, and that's in transition this color spectrum, I was telling
you too.
So as far as from a distance, yes, that looks very accurate to what I saw.
Rogue military force, if you will.
The most concerning thing about this is they all had American dialects.
They had American gear.
They had OTVs, black, they had black camouflage.
They had very similar setups to what we had, but more high speed, something what you would
see special operation groups these days have.
They had no insignias on.
And that's what I thought it was it.
I thought they were going to smoke us, you know, and they kept saying that, you know,
we can kill you right now, you know, as this is.
At the start of the year, I made a video titled The Marines Who Got Too Close to UFOs, where
I talked about two whistleblower testimonies of men who encountered UAP throughout their
military service in the USMC.
And this included Jonathan Wagan, and of course, Michael Herrera.
And guys, I'll admit my biases.
While I was really supportive of Jonathan Wagan and found his story to be credible, I was
really dismissive of Herrera.
Now for Michael Herrera, I'm torn on his story.
I just I'm not sure about that.
This all changed when Redditor and now my good friend, Joey is not my name, reached out to
me and asked if I was the creator of this video.
Joey told me that he had been investigating Michael deeply and that he and him had actually
established a relationship and talked weekly.
I even left a paper trail with certain people, including Joey is not my name.
And there's been a person who has helped with that, Joey, that's not my name.
If you're watching this, thank you for your help as more of a person who has broad attention
to detail in a lot of things, which is remarkable.
His Reddit handle is Joey is not my name.
And finally, he told me that he had enough evidence to attest to the fact that Michael
met a man, an insider in the black reverse engineering program.
This brief exchange messages led to a fast friendship between Joey and myself.
And for months, actually, he and I have been talking every day on messaging, video calls
and phone calls discussing Michael's case.
And throughout this time, he has shown me some of the astonishing evidence to both support
Michael's claims of his experience in Indonesia and his experience meeting an insider in the
black reverse engineering programs.
So today, guys, I am thrilled to tell you that I actually have my good friend, Joey is not
my name on the show, to talk about his experience investigating Herrera's case and discuss some
of the evidence he's actually found to corroborate Michael.
If you've never heard of Michael Herrera, I'd be shocked, especially after so much
renewed interest in his encounter, after being all but named in the abomination that is the
Arrow Historical Report Volume 1.
But for those of you who don't know, or may need a quick refresher, let's briefly summarize
Michael's UFO whistleblower encounter.
And guys, please note, as I talk about Michael's testimony, I will be recounting it as fact,
as told by Michael.
The reality is, there is still no way we can prove with evidence that Michael encountered
this UFO in the jungles of Indonesia.
But we can prove with fact some of the context around Michael's story, such as the military
mission in Indonesia and the relief effort by the USAF and Marines.
In the summer of 2023, Stephen Greer's National Press Club event featured an array of whistleblower
individuals, ranging from credible to somewhat dubious.
One of these men was a USMC vet who seemed emboldened to break his 14-year silence, yet
nervous to reveal himself to the public.
It was here Michael Herrera first told his story to the world.
In 2009, 2nd Battalion 5th Marine Michael Herrera, at this time a 20-year-old saw gunner,
was called into Indonesia for a human relief aid mission after the devastating Sumatra
earthquake in Tsunami.
Michael was stationed on the USS Denver, which is oddly enough the name of both of our hometowns.
This was the only ship routed to the west coast of Indonesia from the US 7th Fleet.
In October of 2009, Herrera's unit was informed they would be providing security to aid in
the delivery of food and medical supplies, and it's crucial to note, although humanitarian
missions generally do not see soldiers equipped with weapons, the 1st Marines reportedly were,
and in this case, M16A4s due to the heavy presence of terrorist training in the area.
Herrera's team arrived near Pandang from CH-53 Helos at a hasty LZ, where the team
pushed to a high ground for reconnaissance purposes, and it's worth noting and rightfully
one of the biggest points of contention surrounding Michael's testimony, Herrera states his team
was not equipped with radio comms, and Michael himself states this was highly abnormal.
The team trekked up a ridge at an elevation of roughly 300 meters.
Herrera had on him a Panasonic camera and was taking images of the surrounding area.
Once the Marines reached the high point of the ridge, something quote, stuck out like
a sore thumb, end quote, against the jungle terrain.
There was a craft rotating just above the tree line, transitioning colors between a
light matte gray and a dark matte black.
Perplexed, the team decided to approach and investigate, and it's key to note, Michael
did in fact take pictures of the craft with the camera he stored in his spent magazine
pouch.
Reaching down the slope, the USMC team was about 150 meters from the craft.
It was from here Michael estimated the craft to be 300 feet in diameter.
It was octagonal in shape, rotating clockwise with Vantablack exterior panels and a pyramid
type shape on top.
The craft let off an audible hum, almost like a guitar amp.
The craft floated 15-20 feet above the ground, surrounded by a quote, rogue military force.
What was astounding is these men featured American dialects, American gear, and similar
setups the Marines had but with much better equipment.
These men had no rank, no insignia.
Eight of the men engaged the Marines, directing their weapons at the soldiers and flipping
off the weapon safeties, screaming at the Marines, asking what they were doing there,
and threatening their lives.
Terrified the Marines complied, they were padded down and stripped of their weapons.
The rogue operators even knew to take the Marines military IDs out of their left breast
pocket, where they snapped pictures of Herrera and his fellow Marines identifications.
During this time, Michael occasionally shifted his glance back to the large UFO, where four
F-350s sat with weapon cases and containers with an oxygen or humidity control unit which
held what Michael would later come to learn were human beings.
The F-350s loaded the supplies onto a platform below the craft.
When the platform itself rose from the ground, connected with the craft, and the two connected
pieces shot off westward instantaneously, no rotor wash, no exhaust, no sonic boom, none
of the surrounding vegetation was disturbed in any way.
When Marines were told to turn around, Michael thought that this was it, they were dead.
Until the operators began reloading the soldiers' equipment and magazines back onto their persons.
Escorting the Marines back up to the slopes, the operators told Michael and his fellow
soldiers they were not allowed to look back or talk about what they had seen.
Breaking the hillside, the Marines ran back to the LZ, where a resident gunnery sergeant
grew furious at the non-combat-effective Marines.
Flying back to the USS Denver, an admiral debriefed the team, and a few days later while
on leave, the battery and SD card to Michael's camera were taken, along with the fellow Marine
cell phones.
And finally, when the USS Denver tracked back to Okinawa, a man in use-half blues with no
name tag, pulled Michael into his office, where he told him to never tell anybody of
his encounter, regardless of chain of command, discussing the event would lead to imprisonment
or death.
Michael was then forced to sign an NDA to never speak about the experience.
And what really triggered me into being motivated to look into the case myself was hearing all
of the negative reaction towards him for reasons that I felt were really flimsy.
People were criticizing him because he said they didn't have radios, or because he mislabeled
the name of a rifle or something.
And I just thought that was pretty absurd to completely dismiss a whistleblower when you're
literally sitting here considering a story about a 300-foot UFO, but because they didn't
have a radio, that's too unbelievable for you, so let's just dismiss the whole thing.
If the UFO community did not have the open-mindedness and patience and space to provide a whistleblower
to give time to investigate and vet the story, and if we were just going to shoot them down
immediately for really lame reasons, how are we going to expect the general public to take
this seriously if we can't even give it a chance?
The other thing was it dawned on me, this is a military operation and humanitarian operation,
so there's a ton of photojournalism, journalists, military reports and assessments that were
done all around this operation.
So I saw that as a great opportunity to begin digging into the details to see if I could
find any conflicts with Michael's testimony.
And I ended up finding the opposite, that I was corroborating everything that I could
find corroborated what he was saying.
Now obviously that doesn't prove he saw a UFO, but it does corroborate all of the details
around that operation that he was on.
And so I made a post on Reddit kind of detailing those things that I found.
Joey's first Reddit post titled Verifying the Events Around Michael Herrera's UFO Encounter
Part 1, saw to confirm all the little bits and pieces of the military operation in 2009.
Logically, if Michael could be found to be lying about any detail regarding the humanitarian
mission, his whole testimony could be thrown out the window as, another UFO want to be.
Joey provided documentable evidence to support all of the context Michael provided including,
the USS Denver was the sole ship assigned to support Indonesian military efforts, regardless
of Michael finding this strange.
The 31st Marine Expeditionary Unit was present at this operation.
CH-53 Super Stallion choppers were used to deliver aid.
And finally, the confirmation of hasty LZs, threw a blog post which detailed efforts done
by the US forces to deliver supplies to critical and remote areas.
Of course, none of this actually proves that Michael saw a UFO lost in service, but this
post does confirm key smaller elements of his story, including accurately depicting the
military op in Indonesia.
Joey includes a call to action asking Michael to reach out for further investigation.
So my plan was to do a part two where I would, I wanted to figure out where the landing zone
was.
I thought if I could reach out to Michael and we could work together to figure out where
the landing zone was, I have the 3D modeling background.
So what I wanted to do was import that terrain into, you know, some 3D modeling software
and be able to perform like additional analysis to cross check his estimates of distances
and heights and scales of things.
And I also thought it was important to illustrate the distances that are involved in this encounter
because the landing zone was almost 700 or 800 meters away from where the craft was sighted
with a hill in between in the middle of jungle.
And so that was really my only thought for reaching out to Michael.
I had no idea it was going to, you know, kind of spiral, spiral much deeper into what it
has.
I mean, how, how rare is it that we get any sort of testimony that isn't, that's literally
just it, you know, most times it's literally just testimony.
It's just someone's verbal account of what happened.
There's no evidence.
There's no nothing.
So here we have a military operation that has, you know, aerial surveys being conducted.
I'm sure there's plenty of satellite imagery, you know, that exists and just all of the
different records that kind of track the movements of things.
You know, it just that reason alone seems like a very exciting case to dig into where
you have a lot of opportunity to uncover data.
Literally that same day that I emailed him.
He called me that night.
We spoke for about a half hour and, you know, I got the sense that he respected the amount
of effort I put into that post and just the, you know, just putting in the work.
I have a feeling it was part of why he started to trust me and respect me moving forward.
You know, he started trusting me with, with certain sensitive information that, that did
help, you know, back up some of his, some of his claims, circumstantially, I'll say.
Then he started telling me more about this insider.
The discussion around this program insider who met with and disclosed leaks to Michael
is where some followers of this case, including myself, justifiably raised red flags and heightened
their skepticism.
But who is this insider and for what reason did he meet with Michael?
What can Joey tell us about this meeting and how can he prove Michael was flown out to
a secure facility to meet with this shadowy figure?
And also do not worry when we get to the actual contents of the meeting, we will of course
discuss all of the leaks that were told to Michael by this insider.
Michael's first encounter with this insider was actually mentioned on his first public
appearance on Stephen Greer's national press club panel, which come to find out through
recent revelations from yesterday from somebody who came forward to Dr. Greer.
I don't know who they are, but what they had told him and what he has told me is that
this gentleman knows exactly what these were used for because they had like a cylinder on
the front, which is either for oxygen or what I have hypothesized was for vacuum sealing,
which believed me to suspect that they were smuggling narcotics or drugs.
Come to find out it's more disturbing than that.
This gentleman has first hand account with this and says that it was for people.
This insider wanted to meet Michael in person.
And so he asked Dr. Greer to make the connection.
And so, you know, he introduced the two or passed along phone numbers or whatever.
And so Michael's telling me all this, you know, that this this insider wants to meet
him and all this stuff.
And I found it very suspicious, you know, I found it very strange that not only would
he have this really incredible story about seeing a UFO in Indonesia, a huge 300 foot
UFO, which is is pretty unique.
I don't know.
I personally don't know of too many stories like that that big.
And now you're telling me that that literally an insider wants to meet you like, come on,
this is, you know, this is pretty outrageous, you know, how did how did Michael react when
he was approached by the insider?
Was he excited?
Was he skeptical?
Was he possibly worried for his safety?
Yeah, he was, he was very, he, he, I mean, the last time, if you think about it, like
the last time he's interacted with any of these people, they had guns pointed at him
and, you know, we're threatening to kill him and stuff.
And so now here's someone, you know, allegedly associated with that.
And, but he just felt like if he wants to move this forward, he's got to, he's got to
take the chance and do it.
And for me, you know, at the time, this was pretty early on in my interactions with Michael.
And I didn't feel like I had the sort of relationship with him where I could, you know, ask
questions or provide advice or anything like that.
You know, I was basically just kind of respectfully, you know, taking information from him that
he felt comfortable sharing with me.
But I wanted to scream at him and say, dude, like, are you crazy?
And mind you, I went back and forth constantly through this period where I would allow myself
to pretend it's all real and like, you know, let myself just kind of sit there for a minute
and be like, all right, let's say this is all real, holy crap, this is, he's crazy.
Like he can't go and meet this guy, he's going to kill him, you know.
And then there were times where I would be feeling the opposite and being like, okay,
this is, this is clearly like a setup and he's telling me stuff that he's telling me
is sensitive.
But in reality, it's, he wants me to leak it, but he's telling me not to.
It's like reverse psychology or something.
You know, I need to be really cautious here.
And so that was, that was what was going through my mind at the time and it was very much back
and forth.
But I also felt like I was in a pretty good position because this wasn't anything I had
to take action on.
I had reached out to him to kind of like try to figure out what the LZ was and then it kind
of just snowballed into this other thing.
But I felt like I was in a great position because there was really no risk or harm in
me just letting things play out and see what happens, you know, Joey was rightfully extremely
confused and skeptical as to why Michael confided so much information to him about the insider
in the meeting time, date and location.
It was then Joey actually realized Michael was using him as a dead man switch.
Michael feared what might happen to him being taken out to an unfamiliar location by unfamiliar
people.
And in case he was in fact killed, Joey should release any and all information he had.
That was what made me the most suspicious because it was like he was trusting me with
information without any real justification.
And then I realized, you know, that he was going out to meet this guy and I got the feeling
that he was, you know, telling me this information in case something happened to him.
And I called him out on it and told and, you know, he basically said like, yeah, I, you
know, if something happens to me while I'm out there, you know, I want you to release
all this information.
I'm very happy that Joey brought this next point up as he has never actually talked about
this publicly.
The day before the meeting, Joey and Michael had a conversation about the meeting and Joey
recorded this conversation without Michael's knowledge.
I called Michael and had a conversation with him about the meeting and I recorded it without
his knowledge.
And I did that because I felt like I needed proof in case I did need to, in case something
did happen to him and, and I couldn't get in touch with him and I needed to reach out
to someone to prove that, yes, I'm in touch with Michael and these are the things he's
told me and now I can't get ahold of him.
I didn't think anyone would believe me unless I had some sort of proof that I was talking
to him.
So I recorded that.
I think I actually shared that with you.
Hey, Michael.
Hey, what's up?
I had a little time before I have to kick off this meeting here at 9.30.
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
Well, I just, you know, first of all, wanted to check in with you to see how you're, how
you're doing, how you're feeling.
Good.
I had a meeting with these guys so I'm kind of, you know, I'm nervous about a little apprehensive,
but if this is going to get carried any further than I need to, you know, I need to speak to
the horse's mouth.
So speak.
So I've, I just, you know, it is what it is at this point, but it's fucking crazy.
Yeah.
I'm, yeah.
I just kind of checking in.
I mean, like, geez.
So everything's basically all set for the meeting.
Yeah.
Tomorrow for tomorrow.
So, so I arrived there around a clock.
Yeah.
They're time.
And then there's, they're picking me up with picking me up.
They got a, they're putting me in and then I'm going to some, apparently there's a facility
out and that they're taking me to and then like somewhere to go see some things.
So I don't know what that entails, but yeah.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then you're going to touch base with me after, afterwards at some point.
Yeah.
Okay.
All right, Michael.
Well, be safe.
My friend and look forward to touching base with you when you get back.
Roger that, man.
Thank you for being involved with this too.
And, you know, I'm glad that you're checking up on me.
Cool.
You know, it's great.
So yeah, as soon as I get more information, if I'm able to release some things after this
meeting, then I'll let you know.
Okay.
Sounds good.
All right, buddy.
Bye.
What stood out to me most about this conversation was the fear in Michael's voice.
He sounded scared like he didn't know what was going to happen to him.
And yes, he did provide specific details and also Joey did tell Michael about this recording
later on.
So please don't hold that against him.
Michael knows, but using this information provided by Michael, Joey was able to verify
many of the details that Michael claimed, think tracking flight records and such.
There's other evidence that I can't share publicly.
I think I did, I did share that, like some censored, a censored version of that evidence
with you and guys, I have seen a lot of people dismiss or get on Joey's case for not sharing
this evidence.
He has in fact shown me a censored version of this evidence.
And if Joey is telling the truth, which I believe he is, and showing me an undocked
version of this evidence, I can say with a high degree of certainty that this meeting
did in fact take place.
This isn't to say anything about what the insider showed or told Michael.
I can't comment on that legitimacy nor can Joey, we don't know.
The evidence, of course, is not mine to share or to an extent, even Joey's.
There is a larger behind the scenes investigation here being conducted that if shared publicly
could compromise the investigation, or at the very least, make it somewhat hairy.
I personally hope that the finer details of this investigation and Joey's evidence will
come to light soon.
I essentially was able to prove that Michael was taken to a secure facility, is how I refer
to it, with this insider.
And so for me, and the thing is, is like, I didn't have to rely on any trust of Michael.
Like I didn't have to rely, like none of this is contingent upon me having to trust any
word that any person has told me.
This is objective data and evidence that I used to verify this.
When he got back, and we started talking, I didn't immediately reveal to him that I
was able to track where he went.
And so I used that opportunity to further vet and criticize, not criticize, but validate
his account.
So I was asking him specific questions about timing.
So at this location, Michael was both shown and told things by this insider.
What was he shown?
He hasn't told me what he saw there.
He said he he signed an NDA.
So what was Michael told?
Strangely enough, this insider was okay with Michael telling Joey and the greater public
about what he was told at this meeting.
Now, Joey and I are both a little apprehensive to discuss these points, as we cannot back
these up with any evidence, however, it's important to discuss anyways.
I feel a little uncomfortable like going through kind of the speculative stuff that this insider
has told Michael, because it's nothing I've been able to verify.
Well, according to this insider, he is an advocate for disclosure and has been in the
program for decades.
Remember guys, all of this is speculation.
This could very well be purposeful disinformation by this insider or utter nonsense, but I want
to talk about these statements due to the existence of the insider and the reality of
the meeting.
Fortunately, Joey has made a post on Reddit detailing this information, which will be
on screen now and in the show notes.
This is all content Michael has relayed publicly or given Joey permission to share.
Within the USG, there are two groups studying UAP, the blue group and the black group.
The blue group consists of programs with proper congressional oversight, Think, Arrow,
A-Tip, Blue Book, etc.
Black group is an organization founded in the 1940s to reverse engineer NHI tech.
The lack of oversight, accountability and endless reach of this black group mirrors almost
identically what is spoken about in the Wilson Davis memo.
This black group has successfully reverse engineered NHI craft to an unknown degree
of success, but utilizes these craft for operations.
The flying crafts are considered, quote, boring tech.
There are other technologies that are far more exciting and, in the insider's words,
utilitarian for humanity.
EMP-like weaponry has been developed that can target and disrupt and disable UAP.
Crash retrieval programs are able to lure UAP to locations where they are disabled via
the EMP weapons and craft and bodies are recovered.
Now we get into some of the real woo and troubling stuff.
The program recruits people with quote, psionic abilities and quote, referred to as P3, often
from third world nations.
These individuals are needed to interface with and control NHI tech.
Recruits from these third world countries are often bargained with to join the program
in exchange for security and safety of their families, likely due to the permanent or semi-permanent
isolation of the recruits while in the program.
This is the operation Michael stumbled upon in Indonesia.
Many recruits actually die in the process of interacting with NHI tech and this is due
to heavy drugging to induce a calm meditative state.
These recruits are treated like biological equipment.
In order to fly some interesting choice of words there, NHI craft, a consciousness connection
must be made.
A black program pilot cannot fly an NHI craft directly if he does not have the desired psionic
abilities mentioned.
So the program has devised a method to connect a recruit to a brain interface machine where
the pilot controls the machine to control the person's intentions, thus controlling
the craft.
If true and this is a big if, the implications of this program existing are beyond disturbing.
But let's try and keep investigating.
What else can Joey tell us about this insider?
I do know that this insider is real and I can say that because boy, I don't know how
I can publicly acknowledge how I know that.
I will say that there are other people who have corroborated the existence of this insider
to me personally.
I know that he took Michael to this location and so due to what I know this location to
be officially, it leads me to believe that this person has quite a bit of authority to
be able to bring him to this location in the nature in which he did.
My first question is how the heck does anyone get to bring a random person, Michael Herrera?
Especially a civilian at the time.
For sure.
Yeah.
That's impossible, right?
There's got to be all the security and cross-checking and surveillance of every person who's walking
in and out of the place and the way this all went down was just like, holy crap.
He literally did that.
So what are the implications of that?
So I know Michael was taken to this location and I know the insider exists, but I don't
know if anything the insider is saying is true.
So the insider has provided Michael with a lot of leaks, information about the Black
Program.
He's specifically involved with the crash retrieval aspect.
So the question on my mind, and I'm guessing all of yours too, is why did this insider
tell all of this to Michael?
If this was a Psyop, why bring Michael all the way to this black site and show him all
of this unknown stuff?
And even if the insider is lying, this still does not account for Michael's experience
seeing the UFO in 2009.
That experience is not negated if this is a Psyop.
To me, both sides of the coin seem somewhat logical and plausible.
I often think back to the story of Paul Benowitz, who in 1989 was driven to insanity by being
fed false information about extraterrestrials by the CIA.
This is a fascinating story I might cover one day because it's really worth knowing.
On the other hand, if this figure is pro-disclosure but does not want to be public, it does make
sense for him to use Michael as a vessel.
Let's see what Joey thinks.
These guys don't want to come out publicly.
They have a lot at risk.
And personally, they have no interest in being like public figures about this topic.
There are allegedly a lot of factions within the program who aren't interested in this
becoming disclosed, and so there's personal risk with that as well.
And so I think he saw in Michael someone who was already comfortable with that risk of
being a whistleblower, and because he had that connection of understanding the operation
that Michael had witnessed, felt that he would be a good person to try to reach out to.
Something that raises suspicion about The Insider for both Joey and myself is the story
of a book.
A few weeks after the meeting, The Insider told Michael he was in the process of writing
a book under a ghostwriter.
The purpose of this book was to hide truth and fiction, similar to Secret Machines by
Tom DeLonge.
This book is titled Sentinels of Aether.
What sticks out to me as concerning here is the book was framed to be corroborating evidence
to support Michael's story, however, the connecting threads are thin at best.
In fact, this book is about an event that occurred in Mexico in 2004 in which a paramilitary
group in the Black Program wipe out an entire JSOC team during an operation.
The Black team is described as transporting humans inside shipping containers to a hidden
base in a mountain, which is similar to the containers Michael Herrera describes in his
encounter.
I didn't mention this earlier, but one of the things that Michael had been excited about
with this meeting was he was supposedly going to be given some evidence that would support
his claims.
And the insider actually provided a two-chapter manuscript of the book currently under Dobser
Review to remove classified information.
In the insider's own words, he is playing a scheme or 4D chess on Dobser.
And of course, for those of you who don't know, Dobser is the Defense Office of Pre-Publication
and Security Review.
This is what David Grush is currently going through with his op-ed right now, so he doesn't
divulge any classified information.
And he does provide some context as to the sort of scheme that he's trying to play on
Dobser where he's intentionally, you know, including certain information that he knows,
you know, shouldn't be flagged by Dobser because it's like deep black projects that shouldn't
be acknowledged.
And he's trying to see if they'll catch it.
And it, I don't know, it just sounds, it just sounds a little sketchy, to be honest.
In fact, the insider directly quotes, quote, our intention is to put the DoD in a pickle
by creating dilemmas.
We are strategically taking advantage of the fact they must respond.
They don't have a choice.
No poker face.
Any response will provide us with information slash intelligence and inverse intelligence.
One of the other things that Joey has more information on than almost anybody else are
the thoughts and words of Michael's fellow platoon members who were with him in Indonesia
in 2009.
According to the original Daily Mail article that was written on Herrera, the other four
or five Marines in Herrera's platoon were too scared to come forward.
Bar one text message that read, quote, Hey man, this is asking too much of me.
It's not worth the risk.
My family and military career far exceed anything you are asking of me.
It's not worth my life or jeopardizing my family.
I know we go back, but this is asking too much.
You need to get out of whatever you are in and don't get me involved.
So I've talked to a handful of people who were in his platoon and were on that mission,
on that ship.
I would say not the UFO mission, the alleged UFO mission, but I'll say the Indonesia relief
effort mission or operation.
I will say that out of those people that I have spoken to, all of them believe Michael
is lying, except for, well, except for one.
There's one person that I've reached out to and asked for permission to ask some questions
about it.
And he just said, no, thank you and leave my name out of everything.
But everyone else thinks Michael is lying.
But the thing that's interesting is, you know, once I get into conversation with these people,
they quickly reveal that, you know, because someone says very strongly, I know he's lying.
My follow-up question is, oh, so you were boots on the ground with him in Indonesia?
And their reply is, well, no, I was in a different squad or oh, no, I was, I was, I stayed on
the ship.
I didn't leave the ship.
And so immediately I'm like, well, you can't possibly know he's lying because you weren't
there.
Like how can you say you know he's lying?
So, you know, that was really disappointing to hear.
However, I still, I still maintained conversations with these people because they did, you know,
certain people provided some, you know, personal photographs that I was able to, you know, there
was nothing crazy in the photographs, but it did prove that they were in, you know, the
Taming Airport where the coordination efforts were happening.
There's one person who I do find very credible who speaks against Michael.
I'll just say his first name, his name's Nathan, and he was Michael's team leader.
And he provided, so I've had several, you know, text conversations with him, and he
provided a photograph that he alleges shows Michael and another Marine on a helicopter.
And he says they're all being flown into Indonesia.
They don't have rifles, right?
This photograph is important because if it is proven to be Michael, it kind of shows
that he's lying about something, you know, or, you know, most of the story gets kind
of discredited because, you know, the big part of Michael's story was he had rifles
and, you know, he was with different people.
So Michael, you know, I did share that photograph with Michael.
I didn't give him any contacts.
I just said, do you know who's in this photograph?
And he provided two names.
And, you know, then I explained, you know, that the allegations that one of one of the
people is him and, and he denies it, he very strongly denies it.
And what's interesting to me to kind of play towards Michael in a way, let's say Nathan's
telling the truth, let's say Michael did fly in with him without rifles.
And let's say Michael was on that flight, right?
What that would mean if he is lying about this UFO thing?
That means he was thinking, let me, let me make up a story about a UFO, but also let
me lie in about a mission I know I went on with my squad, even though he knows there
were witnesses and he knows, you know, his photo is being taken.
That just doesn't make any sense to me.
Like why would he, like he could have very easily just said, yeah, that is me in the
photograph, but I also took a different flight in later on or earlier in the day.
You know, he could have made it so he could have just acknowledged that both things are
true and it would have totally negated that photographic evidence.
The question of rifles or lack thereof in Nathan's alleged photograph is crucial.
Since Indonesia 2009 was a humanitarian mission, Marines were not supposed to be equipped with
rifles.
As I stated earlier, and what was actually confirmed to Joey by all the Marines he spoke
to, the first wave of Marines in Indonesia were in fact armed, but subsequent deployments
were not due to bad optics.
Allegedly, an Air Force Colonel yelled at the Marines and ordered them to stop utilizing
rifles.
And now the reason why probably half of you are watching this video with a renewed interest
in Michael Herrera, the Arrow Historical Report Volume 1.
In this report, Michael Herrera is all but named as somebody who testified to Arrow stating
quote,
An interviewee who is a former U.S. service member said in that 2009, while participating
in a humanitarian and security mission in a foreign country, he encountered U.S. special
forces loading containers onto a large extraterrestrial spacecraft.
And guys, I probably don't need to explain this to you, but Arrow Historical Report Volume
1 is not the most accurate report we've ever seen.
In fact, in this two to three sentence summary of Michael Herrera, there are two factual inaccuracies.
One, Michael never claimed he encountered U.S. special forces.
What he said was he encountered men with American dialects.
With American gear, but no rank, no insignia, no identifiers to where they belonged.
And two, Herrera said, even from his first statement, he thought the craft he saw was
human reverse engineered, not extraterrestrial.
Is this just awful writing or purposeful disinformation?
I lean more towards purposeful.
I think this is so bogus and just in a two sentence summary, getting so many facts wrong.
In my opinion, this sort of misreporting is on purpose and a symptom of the larger sickness
that is this report.
And I just want to touch on what seems to be a big misconception in the UAP community
on Twitter and Reddit at the moment.
On page 32, under the section, the UAP with peculiar characteristics refers to an authentic
non-UAP related SAP.
Some people are confusing this statement as describing Michael Herrera.
In the statement, it says, Arrow was able to correlate this account with an authentic
USG program because the interviewee was able to provide a relatively precise time and location.
As first pointed out to me by Joey, Michael narrowed down the timing of the event to within
a couple days, but he did not know the precise time.
And Michael did not know the exact location of the landing zone in Indonesia.
In the same section, whatever person was writing this error report stated that the seemingly
strange characteristics reported by the interviewee matched closely with the platform's characteristics
which was being tested at a military facility in the timeframe.
The interviewee was there.
But again, as Joey points out, Michael's encounter occurred in a remote part of the
jungle in Indonesia, not a military facility.
What was massively vindicating to Joey and something that made him place more trust in
Michael, and he even relayed this to me months before the Arrow Historical Report Volume
1, Michael had actually told Joey and provided him proof that he had testified to Arrow.
He said that they didn't record his testimony like they did.
They weren't actually like electronically recording his testimony.
There were just people in a skiff and some of them had notepads and were just like taking
notes occasionally.
So the summary of his testimony in the report could literally just be the result of poor
note-taking and I am perfectly comfortable with accusing them of doing this intentionally
because it certainly seems like something that they were trying to prevent as much of
a paper trail as possible and leaving a lot of the records up to interpretation.
I think that was 100% intentional.
So I don't know if it was malicious misquoting of Michael or just literally poor note-taking
and someone read someone else's notes and summarized and misinterpreted or whatever.
Did he testify to Dr. Kirkpatrick or was it just Arrow employees?
He says it was directly to Dr. Kirkpatrick was in the room.
But another thing that I'll mention as well, something that I kind of caught was speaking
of that statute that would provide penalties to anyone who lies, I noticed that Arrow was
extremely careful in their report not to accuse a single whistleblower of lying or misleading.
They emphasized how accepting they are of the fact that these whistleblowers believe
what they're telling Arrow.
And again, I think that was incredibly intentional.
It was really like the first opening statement in the report.
If you really highlight the key words there, it's literally all about belief.
I'm just emphasizing belief and everyone's entitled to their belief and we can't criticize
or hold it against anyone if they believe something.
And that was intentional so that nobody could ... I previously asserted that Arrow would
be forced to prosecute if they lied, but that's not really the case.
I kind of misspoke there really.
I think it would still would have made an opportunity for other lawyers or organizations
to press charges against whistleblowers if they had lied and Arrow would be kind of
in a position potentially to provide evidence that supports that assertion.
So they wanted to make sure to avoid that at all costs and that's why they did that.
Of course, I was fascinated to know if Michael had spoken to any other whistleblowers or
people behind the scenes.
While Joey understandably couldn't comment, he did tell me something interesting that
kind of made me jump for joy.
I do know that he has spoken to Jonathan Weighant, which was pretty interesting because they
did have sort of similar experiences.
So yeah, so that was really cool to think that Jonathan kind of had gotten the chance
to speak with someone else that had a similar experience.
I personally believe it is probable that Michael and Weighant encountered the same insider
paramilitary group.
Too many similarities to men with American dialects and all black gear that appear to
have highly skilled backgrounds.
Of course, in Weighant's case, he did specifically see men in DOE rain jackets, which allowed
me to conclude that these are likely a DOE NES team.
Again watch that analysis in my Marines video and then listen back to Michael's testimony
and cross reference the two teams.
And lastly guys, I kind of wanted to touch on some of the criticism that Joey has received.
He has received so much support for his investigation, but also a lot of hate online.
People calling him Michael's shill, people calling him Michael's publicist, or even
Michael under a pseudonym.
And understandably so, he's received some flak for receiving evidence, yet not making
it public.
Let's see what he has to say.
I'm in no way his publicist.
Yeah, I there's a few exceptions to that where there there were people that I felt would
be good people to interview him.
One of them is Chris Leto.
So that was a case where I reached out to Chris and kind of did made the first contact
and then introduced him.
I just hope people will be open to continuing to just follow, you know, more as as the story
unfolds because it's a very, it's a very interesting case because you not only do you have this
historical event that happened in 2009 that still has a ton of data that is yet to be
uncovered.
Even by myself, you know, yes, there's things that I do have privately that I can't share,
but there's also, you know, other data that hasn't been uncovered by myself or anyone.
But now we have this kind of current thing that's unfolding as we speak.
I mean, there are there are things happening right now behind the scenes as we speak.
So I think I think it's incredibly interesting and worth paying attention to.
And you know, no one has to make a decision about whether they think it's true or false
at this point.
I've been taking this a lot more seriously than I ever did previously, and I am giving
the benefit of the doubt to the other people involved behind the scenes.
And I'm and I am taking them very seriously.
And I'm respecting anybody's request for me not to reveal certain information because
that's that's just the right thing to do.
And people criticize me.
And it's and it it kills me because I totally understand the criticism.
I can't even argue the criticism because I did make the decision to kind of have this
compromise where I'd reach out to people like yourself and other, you know, podcasters and
journalists and people who I trust and, you know, reveal my identity, you know, you and
I, we had a we've we've had video calls, you've seen my face, you know, who I am.
And I've shared some information with you that backs up some of my evidence of or, you
know, shared some of my evidence that backs up my opinions on certain things.
And so really, as the best compromise I could come up with, you know, for now, I do hope
to get to a point where I can be public and share more evidence.
But for right now, that that was kind of the best compromise I could come up with.
And one last thing I'd like to touch on is the connection between Michael Herrera and
Stephen Greer.
I've touched upon this in almost every single one of my videos where there is a whistleblower,
even my Marines video because of Jonathan Wagon.
So if you're interested to hear more, go check any of those out.
But I think it's important to start separating the whistleblowers from Dr.
Greer. It's no surprise I have my problems with Dr.
Greer, but I'm trying to take an approach where I will individually vet whistleblowers
and people separate from Greer.
I see a lot of people saying that these two are in cahoots, which is just blatantly not
true. In fact, Michael himself has said that Dr.
Greer has embellished or purposefully lied about details of his story.
There's been some interviews that Dr.
Greer has done and everything like that, where he's told people that they put guns
right to our head. That wasn't the case.
These guys were at a standoff distance because it's easier to go like this than actually be
at a standoff distance and try to rush somebody who has had a good distance that can sight in
and just shoot you.
So we need to understand that Dr.
Greer is probably one of the only avenues whistleblowers have to come forward that they know of
before David Grush. Hopefully things change in the future and people start pursuing the avenues
of Grush or maybe Carl Nell or maybe if there's some changes arrow.
But it's important to kind of separate Herrera from Greer.
I would like to thank him for trusting me with some of the more sensitive evidence regarding
Herrera. This case is ongoing and I don't imagine there's going to be just one follow-up video
he and I make to this. Michael Herrera's case has almost consumed me of late.
I think about it all the time. I studied all the time and I talk to Joey about it all the time.
So this case is so fascinating to me. I can't believe I initially brushed it off by buying
into the Greer hate or buying into some of the kind of nonsensical thoughts of just diminishing
his testimony and thinking he's fully because of some details that seem odd at first when
hearing about his story. I am still torn on the insider in terms of is this guy conducting a
psyop or telling Michael real information. I just don't have enough evidence right now to know.
But what do you guys think after hearing some more of this video and hearing from Joey,
do you guys believe more in Michael or less? Has his credibility increased or decreased in
your eyes? I'd love to hear from you guys because this case is so fascinating to me.
Please guys remember to like and subscribe and if you're interested in supporting the channel,
I have made a Patreon. It's in the channel description. I will not pay wall any of my content.
So only support what you think the channel deserves. Whether you decide to support with
money or just watch my videos. I love you from the bottom of my heart and I cannot thank you
enough for being here and being a member of this community. Please guys remember to like and
subscribe and thank you so much. Join me for more videos and more appearances from Joey.
So thank you guys. I'll catch you next time.
