Okay. We'll see. Hello, everybody. We are live. If you guys can hear, please just post
in the comments that you're hearing us and we can get started. So I need to see, usually
there, now the live counter's up. So there we go. Now it'll start populating. There's
definitely more than, okay, zero people in. We've got 13 people here. What is up, guys?
Can you hear us? Can you hear us? Can you hear us? Somebody let us know. And then I need
to hop on Twitter and say, and put the live link as well. So let's just see while this
kind of sorts itself out. Sweet. They can hear us. I'd put it on my Twitter as well,
but I have like two followers. Okay. Okay. Sweet. Sweet. Sweet. So guys, let me post
a tweet real fast, but I'll do another introduction as more people start filtering in. But this
is Kermit. He is the researcher you guys know who helped me out with the SAIC. Hey, it's
C. Britton. Yeah. He helped tremendously with SAIC, looking at contracts, working that
case with me. So let me just get a tweet out real fast. Kermit, if you just want to introduce
yourself while I'm doing this, please feel free. Hey, y'all. I'm Kermit. How's it going?
I've been posting about UFO stuff under the Reddit name frog and badger. My kind of angle
with this is kind of the legal financial framework, you know, specifically, you know,
we heard today, I mean, yesterday from the representatives about how they're interested
in how taxpayer funds are being spent on these programs. And that's kind of my, it's kind
of my area of expertise and my intellectual curiosity, so to speak. So been very, very
blessed to be able to work with Gerb the past couple of months on a bunch of different projects.
He came to me over the summer is like, Hey, I want to put out this, this documentary on
a company that you've been actually doing a lot of research on. And we did a really
good collaboration for that. I'm actually very happy with how it turned out. And yeah,
just been just digging through financial filings and trying to making, trying to make sense
of this legacy program, you know, so the truth is out there.
All right. All right. I'm almost done. Live. Sorry, guys. I'm just posting this on Twitter.
Might as well just show everyone in the chat here. Gerb and I were able to visit the National
Air and Space Museum and I was able to pick up a reproduction vehicle. If you want to
call it that B2 stealth bomber. So for any right there, you know, for anybody that doesn't
know there are classic stories of the B2 bomber utilizing, utilizing electrogravity technology
for an internal mass reduction of up to 89% and then electrogravity technology to kind
of obfuscate both exhaust signatures and radar cross section. So I'm posting this guys
and then we shall get started right away. Let's do it. Okay. So we'll start just looking.
What we'll do guys is we'll kind of talk about our time in DC. We're both in here right now
at Capitol Hill. So I'd like to talk a little bit about DC and the hearings as well as we
were able to attend the UAP disclosure fund meeting last night. So we got a lot to talk
about. We'll talk about immaculate constellation and everything and then we'll kind of go through
questions and so forth. So C's is asking right now, who is that guy? C's will say it again.
He just introduced himself, but this is Kermit. He's the excellent researcher who helps me
out with the SAIC research. His, his, the link to his Reddit will be in the description
page. He's made some awesome posts on kind of analyzing the legacy program framework
within SEC securities frameworks and stuff. And if you want to tell a little bit about
that, I'm a little bit about that post. I'm sure people would love to hear that. Yeah,
for sure. My, my most recent posts that I published, I want to say a month and a half
ago, I kind of looked at kind of all the laws in the books around like national security
programs and then not disclosing those operations on like a private company's financial statements.
So going back like almost a hundred years back to the SEC act of 1934, which kind of
historical context that was written into law because of the Great Depression and trying
to reform the banking system, but included within the SEC act of 1934 was a specific
exemption that allowed for the president and the heads of his executive agencies to waive
reporting requirements for any company that was involved with classified activities under
an executive order. So basically from that, and then throughout kind of the chronology
over decades, we kind of see a strengthening of those laws and those regulations that allow
for companies like Lockheed Martin, SAIC, you know, other defense primes to basically, you
know, do this classified work and not be as transparent or use a little bit more discretion
with how they report those operations in their financial statements.
And that's such interesting work. I mean, I know of some other individuals who are trying
to kind of attack legacy program for more of a financial framework. And this is something
that I personally don't see enough in the industry and kind of UAP researchers. So I
think that's really interesting, you know, carrying on the legacy of Katharine Austin
Fitz, the black budget of the United States and so forth. I just, I just need to make
sure we're caught up. I'm right now I'm worried about the this Wi-Fi here in the hotel. So
I'm just checking up that our dang stream is live guys. I'm sorry. We're at the holiday
in Capitol Hill and okay, we are perfect. It doesn't have the best Wi-Fi. Okay. So already
I'm like in Kermit, dude. Kermit's the dog. We've been having so much fun. So, you know,
we'll talk a little bit about the hearings. We both got in on Tuesday night. I was fortunate
enough to get a media pass for the hearings. So that was awesome. Yeah. If you guys see
some of the photos of, I think, who is it, Brett Higgins? Yeah. I mean, the profile picture
of the video from, I think Higgins, I'm kind of right there on the side. It was really
cool because, you know, right in front of the witnesses was Amar from the S Theory and some
other photographers snapping away. You know, inside the room, we'll talk about that. We'll
talk about the lines and so forth. This, we talked to many, many, many of the big dogs. Oh,
you know, we did. We did. Oh yeah. Yes. And we'll also talk about the event horizon interview
as well because something or someone I'm quite close to Ross, the producer of event horizon
and then John Michael Godier. So I've been able to talk to them a ton. T.W. This is a
friend of mine. There's no Peter here. This is Kermit, but thanks, Steve. Yeah. So doors
for the house building, they opened at 7, 7 a.m. Actually earlier than that, there were
people standing in line at like midnight, night before. I think one of them was Robert
Salas, but I think some people like Matt from the Good Trouble show have been getting heat
from Green Street because they actually paid professional waiters to wait in line. So I
had a, because I had the media pass, you know, I was afforded a little extra time. I was
going to go in right away, but I had some issues just sleep and do the excitement. So I had
to wait maybe an hour or two before you. So he showed up at actual 7 a.m. So what was
it like first doors, doors open and waiting to get in? Yeah. I mean, strolling, strolling
down Capitol Ave to go to the Rayburn office building. I've never attended. I've never
been inside like the Capitol building or any of that stuff. I've never attended hearings
before. So this is like a new experience for me. And I showed up like in kind of the line
for the UFO hearing at like about seven that morning. And at that point, like the line
was very, very deep. And I will say there were a lot of people in that line at that point
that I was like, Oh my God, like that's, that's Matt for that's Lester. Like, Oh my God. It
was a verifiable like who's who have, you know, UFO world and got to take a lot of people's
hands, got to meet a bunch of really cool people. Unfortunately, I was in kind of the
point or the part of the line that ended up not making it into the main room. I was like
10 people off from getting into that main area. But thankfully the staffers were able
to take kind of the rest of us, put us up an overflow and watch that live upstairs.
So I mean, not great, but you know, it is one of the picture of the overflow TV. Yeah,
for sure. I felt terrible about these guys because, you know, I'll just say, yeah, show
it. And then I'll make a quick comment because, you know, I got a lot to say from an almost
exact opposite point of view. I mean, it seemed like going in like it seemed like the hearing
room is going to be a bit bigger than the one last year. And it was the same hearing room
guy. It was the exact same hearing room. Oh, was the exact? Yes. Yes. But there. So there
was there were like, I think five rows of seats. Yeah. So this is, I don't know if you guys
can see this. If you hold it closer, it should auto adjust. Oh, no. Yes. There we go. That's
the TV. That was the screen that I was watching from everybody. Yeah. Front row seat kind
of, which is cool. Let's get the camera to auto adjust. Oh, that adjusted poorly. There
we go. Okay. It's starting to work. I won't, I won't show my phone. I won't show any other
pictures. We're still washed out with light, but that's all right. So kind of from from
my POV, I got to go in at a hearing started at 1130. I got to go in at 11 through the
media entrance. Some other people who got to do that were Jesse Amar from Yes Theory,
Chris from Area 52. He recently put out the, the Project Gravitar interview. And I got
to talk to him. I never met him. He's awesome. I really liked speaking to him. Chris was
great. You know, Jesse was rocking around and kind of his more laxed where I think it's
so funny because only Jesse could get away with that. In line, you know, most people
have their suits on. They're looking quite dapper. They're ready to go. And then there
is, there's some people out there with like alien headbands on.
There was, there was a lot of different fits on, man. There's, there were a bunch of different
people. I mean, talk about, talk about a like very, it's just like, like all walks of life.
You know what I mean? So then that was really cool to see too.
All walks of life unifying.
But the only person that could really pull it off, I'd say was, was Jesse. The only person
who looked like normal in a sense with a kind of strange bloving on was Jesse. But yeah,
some of the people that were pretty early in line were like Robert Salas. I think Chris
Bledsoe was there. But as far as people meeting, waiting in line, waiting in line met a ton
of people. There were actually a couple of people who recognized my name, which was really
cool. There are a few people like that. It was awesome. It was great to talk to some people.
So many people showed out. But you know, before getting in, talk to Jesse, Area 52, James
Fox, a bunch. James Fox actually posted a video, kind of walking through the hall. And
I think I walked right in front of him and I just looked like an idiot in that Lester
Nair as well from the UAP Caucus. He's a friend of ours. He actually was one of the people
who helped us get into the UAPDF. And that was really great. But so getting into the
actual witness room, we got to get in 30 minutes early. And from there, some of the RSVP, some
of the reserved seats got to pour in. And this took up about three or two and a half of the
five rows. And of these people were people you'd expect, you know, Leslie Kane, we'll
talk a little bit more about her later, because I actually got to talk to her for quite a
while at the UAPDF. Jeremy Corbell, I have some good insights as to the drama there.
Who else? James Fox, Jesse, Chris, Ryan Graves. A ton of people started pouring in and the
witnesses even early. So before the hearing even started, I got to chat a little bit with
Jeremy and so forth. I actually had a kind of a funny experience with him. I introduced
myself to Jeremy. I said, you know, hello, my name is I gave him my first name. And he's
like, where have I seen you before? And I said, maybe on YouTube under Gerb. And so he
goes, yeah, one of your whistleblowers you spoke to is correct. I went, who? Like who? And
he's like, that should be enough. He just refused to elaborate. He didn't wink at me and said
he had to like center himself a little bit before the before the hearing. So Jeremy, you
know, sometimes I criticize his work a little bit. Everyone's work can be criticized. Everyone's
work has flaws, but he was a really nice guy. I really enjoyed speaking to him. He was a kind
of a class act. However, after the hearing, which we'll discuss a little more, he was pretty
upset that he was the one who gave Congress on that day, the 12 page Immaculate Constellation
Report. I think Schellenberger's witness gave it to Burchett a while ago, right? But I believe
the situation was at this current day that Jeremy gave the Immaculate Constellation Report
to Mace and others. So there was a point where Mace, in the starting to talk about the hearings,
Jeremy started like getting visibly extremely upset, extremely upset. And afterwards, you
know, he was like on the brink of tears. He was so furious. And you know, some people were
talking and trying to get pictures. And he was being really nice about that. He was taking
pictures with everybody, kind of being a class act. But I say, you know, I talked to Merrick
on Renekamp. I said, hey, that's a good Jeremy. And so he explained the situation to me. And so I
went up to talk to Jeremy because this will be coming out in a little bit, but I got to interview
Rhett Burrelson afterwards. Herman was actually my fellow man there. We got some good questions
about there. It's not a super long interview. However, some of the questions asked were on
was he expecting other witnesses? Because I think somebody, somebody, jit boy, yeah, by the way,
I talked to introduce myself to Oak Shane, and I'm planning to talk to him more. But yeah, some
of the questions asked without spilling any details were, you know, seen if, sorry, just
got to, okay, was seen if Burrelson had expected other witnesses, right? Because we all heard
rumors of firsthand, you know, let me first hand guys, crash retrieval, legacy program
witnesses asked him about that, asked him specifically about ARV, asked him specifically
if he's read the Grush op ed, which, you know, I'm sure people really want to hear about
that. And asked him specifically if Congress has received actionable intelligence as it
started to move on some of these locations that have been named. Yeah. So Burrelson, in my
opinion, along with Luna and Moskowitz actually asked the whole all the best questions of the
the hearing. So before we get into hearing and discussing some of the questions, what was
asked, a couple funny points per chat with killing diet Mountain Dew, the whole whole show, I
think he had three diet Mountain Dews and like loves that Mountain Dew and Michael Gold was
just eating candy the whole time. He had a Lenovo laptop that had the greasiest trackpad I
ever saw. Jimmy, thank you so much. I really appreciate that. Seriously. Falcon head. We
talked about this just now, but Corbell was upset because he submitted the 12 page Immaculate
Constellation report to Nancy Mace right before the hearing. And it was attributed to
Schellenberger, not not Corbell, when the report was kind of entered into the congressional
record, and he was furious about that. And there were only 11 pages, not 12. I think Jesse
just tweeted the last page. Oh, really? Yeah, from Jeremy Kenyon locker Corbell. So if you
guys want to see that go to Jesse Michael's page. And also now's a good time. I posted a
picture of it talked about a little bit because you got to meet Jesse, everybody got to meet
Jesse. Last week, I was just out in Austin for to record a show for Jesse. And so that
should be out soon. There we talk about everything from crash retrievals to the McCandless story
to ARV to deep underground military bases. I added in some we actually go a little bit
into ed the witness from Edwards Air Force Base. And we talked a little bit about his
background kind of referencing some of his public stations and so forth. So I think that's
going to be really interesting. Let's uh, while you're looking at that, I think we got
two questions here, including one with Joey had one year to force just one grush hostile
witness or aerospace exec to the stand, but bring gold new Congress one. Yeah, so I think
gold is people are pretty hot and cold about gold, right? Yeah. He, you know, he was really
pro NASA, which I think NASA is likely at least somewhat privy to UAP crash retrieval
programs. And NASA has historically lied about UAP as well, including a study in 1979 or
1980. It was a, sorry, 1978 or 1979. There were FOIA requests where NASA had previously
stated they never looked into UAP, but a bunch of FOIA documents came out showing that NASA
had been taking kind of an eye of UAP reports very seriously. So we will let's see what
Joey says here. What's up, Joey? I thought someone quote for Chet St. Corbell was the
guy who gave him a report months ago. I did hear something. Yeah, I did. I did as well
that he was involved. Yeah. Additionally, have you so, Gurp, have you read the 12th page?
You just skimmed it once. You know, yeah, it is. So it's a cover letter from George Jeremy
Corbell. That was supposed to be the cover letter. And kind of talks a little bit about
how he got the document and all that. But it's not like an additional page of the document.
It's basically, it's, I believe Jeremy, you know, trying to, you know, convey that, you
know, he's kind of a part of this effort, you know, in providing this report to Congress.
I think that's what's really the meat of it. Yeah. Okay. I think someone in something
in someone as well as Therose here both make good points. Well, you know, it's good to
have a NASA guy calling for more transparency. It's still, you know, how much exactly can
NASA be trusted. Also, this guy was connected with OSAP and Bigelow Aerospace. So why were
questions not asked? And why was the topic not discussed about OSAP trying to kind of
facilitate craft transfer from Lockheed Martin? Yeah, well, they didn't even name Lockheed
Martin. I mean, Lou and others were quite afraid to even name it themselves. And then
even like one of their Congress people was like, Oh, well, we know this is the Lockheed
Martin case. And he said it out loud. But then when the response came back, it wasn't
like, Oh, yeah, it was a con, they said it was a contract. Right. It was a contractor.
But like, you know, as, as we've been kind of understanding the story over years, it's
like, well, we know what that contractor is. So like, why are we being cagey about it?
And where's the money trail? This is something we're digging. This is something that, there's
something that Kermit, tracking down the financials of legacy programs we're trying to uncover.
You know, there's reason to believe that sometimes programs are skimmed off of existing programs
such as the F 35, a 1.5 to $2 trillion program that witness Ed served as a subject matter
expert to various contracting companies after his time in reverse engineering programs at
Air Force. Ed, this witness also stated while working on the R and D panel chain at the Pentagon
that in two fiscal years, 34 billion and then 40 billion and non transfer of authority funds
were kind of issued back channel to legacy programs under the Air Force. So kind of trying
to track this stuff down, but let's see what two cents here.
I have some, I have some sense on this as well. Yeah. Oh, sorry. Yeah. So I think in terms of like
funding, and we want to think about like kind of the avenues of what's kind of going on here,
just over time, I think it's, you know, it would not surprise me if there's kind of a bunch of
different things that are going on at play, because ultimately, right, you're just trying to
obfuscate this financial data so that people that, you know, otherwise have that access to that
information, they can't figure out what that money is actually going towards. Right. So I mean,
in and of itself, the money trail is part of the obfuscation, trying to figure that out is about
as important, I feel like is trying to see the crap and the bodies and all that stuff. So, you
know, it's kind of one of those core tenets and, you know, the truth is out there, but I mean,
I've been in this space for a year and a half, and I still have a bunch of different theories
about it. So we can talk about it for sure. And that's why we're trying to kind of track down
other people with a financial background like Kermit to really kind of make like a think tank
on this subject, because I'm financially illiterate when it comes to tracking this stuff down. I can
just report, like Witness Ed found $34 and $40 billion in non-TOA funds, but I can't really
understand the significance of that or make heads or tails of a balance sheet.
Yeah, because it's one thing for a witness to say, like, this is this is what I saw. But then,
you know, that's the substantive evidence of like, I saw the ledger, I saw the transactions,
this is corroborating basically that story. Right. Yeah, because yeah, Keegan was saying
that's a lot of funds. Yes, it is. I mean, at the R&D panel chain, he was overseeing over 200
billion per year in Air Force funds. Total just to kind of give everybody an idea,
like when we talk about R&D and IRAD, right? Humulatively, the United States government spends
about $150 billion annually just on defense R&D alone. That is a huge chunk of change. So,
I mean, the number could be anywhere from zero to that or even something different than that
entirely. We don't even know. Then there still exists the theory, and I don't know how we would
explore this more, that some of these legacy programs, if they are being conducted out of a
closed off military base, an underground base, perhaps they run off of closed systems.
That's another possibility. Yeah, there are claims out there that some of these locations run
off a cash-based system just as they do analog computers. Well, I'd be smart because you basically
minimize the audit trail, you know, people, just like money talks, right? Right. So, people are
spending money, if you have a, smaller the system and more closed than it is, the less chance that
you have it of being uncovered. And we were at the Air and Space Museum today, and we were kind of
hypothesizing, what if these programs with the craft like the ARV are able to just strip
mine the asteroid belt for precious metals and so forth. Yeah, you don't even need to get capital
or financing or anything here from earth, and you just get everything from your materials and
products off world, then no one's the wiser, right? So, that makes sense. Two cents, thank you so much.
Yeah, speaking of Seoul, Kermit and I will be going as well there. So, I know you guys are
already showing Kermit a lot of love. We'll do another stream after Seoul as well. I can't wait
to do that, and thank you again. Let me just, let me see this, and then we'll keep talking about
the hearings. Thank you, Wag Boss, paying ties to the overlord. Now, I'll never be an overlord.
Let's just hope John Jones gets knocked out this weekend, man, and I'll be a happy dude.
So, you know, I'd like to say, and I'm sure we talked about this a little bit, I was impressed
with Lou, not only with his testimony, but as a person as well. I was able to talk to him quite
a bit, both before the hearings. I just bumped into him while I was scrambly to find the house
building. I got coffee for a couple of friends. So, I'm just walking there. I see Lou outside.
A guy followed by Kermas, and he's like two feet taller, I mean, two feet shorter than the rest of
him. So, I know that's Lou, and I introduced myself and talked to him for a while. He was extremely
kind. I think he did well answering questions as well into the congressional report. I've said
this to you, and I'm sure you'll agree. There's still a lot of questions about Lou's background,
ASAP and ATIP. Greenwald has diligently tried to get answers to for years, and how the heck are we
going to get answers to what Lou's specific position was? Because now, of course, he has sworn
into congressional testimony that he was a high-ranking member at ASAP, correct? Or was it ATIP?
I'm just trying to remember off the top of my head. Well, I think that's the nature of the debate,
is it not? I think in his book, he claims that he was part of both ASAP and ATIP. ASAP was kind of
the initial effort where they were trying to get that divestiture from Lockheed, and then ATIP kind
of was the effort post-ASAP once that kind of fell through. That's my understanding of it, at least.
And I think one of the most consequential reports is Lou saying he cannot answer about being read
into a congressional program. Yeah, that was quite telling. I thought that was very telling.
So, Lou spoke at the UAPDF, which was kind of a closed event we were able to attend afterwards,
and this speech saw fellow speeches by Representative Burleson and Representative Rounds.
Senator Rounds. Yeah, sorry, Senator Rounds. So, this was a very consequential talk. I had some
time to speak with Lou, because I know a long time ago I had kind of informed some friends that,
via an analyst friend, that Lou would be agreeable to interview. Well, after this congressional
testimony, I'd like to interview him now, actually interview him in person, because
especially with his testimony, with Lou's media tour, I was kind of worried about
not really being able to approach with fresh questions, because he's kind of answering everything.
He's doing like 50 podcasts, but now I would really like to speak to him and just kind of
ask him to expand on some of the things he said and kind of testified to. I think, number one,
and I'm not going to be able to solve this on my platform, but to kind of clear up more issues
around ATIP and OSAP. Yeah. It's like Katsky, Stratton, Kelleher. Everybody's got a little
different bit of a different spin. Eric Davis. Well, they discussed Jay Stratton as well during
the hearings too, and I think he's also coming out with his book imminently, not the name of it,
but it's coming out quite soon. Well, hopefully we can talk to Eric Davis about this next week
at Sol, right? Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. Because, first of all, I'd like to thank you
so much, Siwan, for the $5. I really appreciate that. Sol is actually speaking at, or Schrock is
speaking at Sol next week, and he's also doing a Q&A. I believe it's with Eric Davis, right?
Sounds right. Okay, so yeah, there should be some good stuff. Let me go through these,
and we'll keep talking. Django, I love that pig. Thank you so much for the $15,
and Fat Rodents, thank you very much. Does this change what you'll ask at Sol at all?
Well, I'd like to interview some people at Sol, so we'll see what we can do there. I've
talking with Kermit, we're trying to work out some stuff for him to
you know, maybe go in a little bit more on some good camera equipment and actually travel around
to get some good interviews, but not just interviews, right? Like actual documentaries
spliced in with research and so forth, because interviewing Lou, I don't just want to
sit in front of a camera with him for two hours, but add in research. So I'd just like to ask you,
Kermit, what would, could you rank in terms of impact and efficacy and just all around feel,
who do you think was the most consequential person to testify to least? And guys in the chat,
give me a one through four, one being the most consequential, four being the least.
That's a good question. I'd say probably most consequential. I don't know, my personal
perspective of it is like the questions themselves are the controversial, you know,
that was the provocative stuff. But in terms of people, I would say Gallaudet being there and
being a representative from, you know, the Navy and Noah and being very high up in those positions,
you know, he being a representative of U.S. military and that kind of cohort and then
Elizondo representing military intelligence, Schellenberger being a journalist and then
finally Michael Gold being a scientist, right? So it was like, I felt like the panel overall
was very well stocked and it was diverse and it had all the people that we want to hear from
about this subject. I think Gallaudet was probably, for me, I think that that was probably the most
interesting, like those questions and those answers were probably the most interesting because we've
heard from Lou, you know, from his books and interviews and all this stuff and he does discuss
a lot of it and there was certainly some interesting things discussed today with him,
sorry, yesterday. But I'd say Gallaudet, I also think Michael Gold, I was actually very impressed
with the way that he kind of spoke about it and I think you spoke very positively about just like
NASA collaborating on this in the future and just kind of moving past the stigma that we see with
this topic and just trying to get, you know, the scientific community really to take this
seriously and investigate it. So I would say Gallaudet and Michael Gold were my top two picks.
I loved Lou, I loved what he got to say and I really, I was really impressed with the way
that, you know, he presented himself and he was just being very, you know, frank with those
responses as well and, you know, he can't talk outside of, you know, the documents and the
things that he signed and, you know, all that stuff. So, and I know that's frustrating for a lot of
people but I still thought it was very positive. I agree and, you know, I've seen a lot of bitterness
online kind of about the efficacy of the hearings. I agree with everybody that I also expected,
as did Burleson, first-hand retrieval witnesses or first-hand program witnesses.
However, I, yeah, we won't, I'll wait, I'll say that before the interview with Burleson but
just Burleson was expecting other people to testify as well or in place of, we didn't specify
about that. But I do think one of the key takeaways here with Immaculate Constellation is
kind of an existing proof now of DOD lying about a USAP. You know, the protocol for a USAP and
unacknowledged special access program is deny, deny, deny. They can't even, they can't even say
anything. You know, like even an admission or a denial would like. But if your back's against
the wall then you misinform. That's the protocol. Deny. If you cannot deny anymore, you misinform.
So, I think this was important to see because, you know, there's so many statements from Susan.
Susan Goh is saying Immaculate Constellation is not a program and so forth. I do think the 12-page,
you know, report, which is super interesting, which we'll get into in a little bit. You know,
Kermit and I have been talking at length about one specific report from there and, of course,
the term alien reproduction vehicle, which I kind of got on Schellenberger's a little bit case,
a little bit for omitting from his congressional submission. But he didn't even mention that at
all in his testimony, which I was a little bit disappointed of. And I even asked Jeremy about
that. I said, hey, Jeremy, you know, why didn't he do that? He was like, well, you can just ask
him why they lied. He was too hot under the collar to do that. We'll take a quick break,
look at a couple of questions. What do you think about Nancy May's selling UFO brain
and merch? I think it's a bad taste. Yeah, I will say, you know, seeing kind of the
representatives and how they've kind of been tweeting about this, like that seems positive.
But then, you know, seeing the merch that's being sold, it's just on the nose, you know,
and it's like a UF, it's a shirt of like a UF phone. It's got Nancy May's like in it.
I think it's bad taste. I think it's bad taste. I like this idea a lot, Magic, and I will absolutely
ask him about it. So, okay, what's your guys' thoughts on the simulation hypothesis?
Pretty interesting. Of course, there's a great podcast on the simulation hypothesis that
kind of states that in the future, if the civilization has the computing power to conduct
a simulation of a whole hypothesis, that means they won't just stop at one simulation. They
will conduct numerous, possibly even infinite. And therefore, if there's infinite simulated
hypotheses of universes in the future that yours is statistically more likely to be a simulated
one. It's interesting, but, you know, I can't prove it. What do you say, Kerm?
It's just too much bandwidth for me, man. I just show me an Excel file.
He likes money. Yeah, he likes money. I'm into the credits. Show me a 10K. I mean,
it's not, I wouldn't be surprised if that's, like, I feel like what Grush said last year,
I think, is a pretty good, pretty good description. Holographic.
Yeah, he's just like, whatever, he kind of had this line where he's like, you know,
you kind of look in places in the universe. It seems like things are just a little too
perfect. You know what I mean? And, you know, I don't know. I feel like that's kind of where I
kind of stand with this. Like, you know, the more we kind of understand the world around us,
it's like we really get to understand, like, why we're here and, like, what's the nature of existence.
And yeah, what's interesting, though, is, you know, Rizwan Burke, he's going to be at the,
he's going to be at Seoul, and he's going to give a discussion about the simulation.
Ooh, that's going to be, we'll have to talk about that post.
He also on Joe Rogan said he knew people in the legacy program as well.
Diddy. Okay, we'll have to talk about that as well. So, Schellenberger, Lou, Gallaudet,
and Gold, I think it was an extremely poor taste for Higgins or whoever it was that
was trying to burn Schellenberger's whistleblower. Yeah, I wasn't, I don't know. I thought,
I thought Higgins' line of questioning was like kind of half-baked a little bit. And I get,
yeah, I get that you guys are trying to figure out what the source is. But like, at the end of
the day, Schellenberger was literally said he was willing to go to jail to protect that source.
So, you just got to respect that. So, Siwon, thank you again for the next five bucks, man.
Yeah, Schrock. So, isn't just a former director of Skunkworks on the USAF advisory board. He
probably did about know about the OSAP transfer. So, I really hope we can hear about that at Seoul.
So, it would be very interesting to hear from him next week.
Gold, Schellenberger, Gallaudet, Elizondo. I know something or someone, I know you're not the
biggest Elizondo proponent. The thing that worried me the most about Gallaudet speaking
was kind of reinforced. First of all, I loved Tim Gallaudet. Hermit can see, Tim's my boy,
we spoke quite a bit. Super nice guy. I've talked to him a lot before he had seen the channel with
the USO videos. But I was worried because when Chris Sharpe's reporting on Neuro and undersea
crash retrievals came out with Wood Soul Ocean, a graphic institute, and Lockheed Martin Drys
Immersible, I reached out to Gallaudet and I just said, hey, sir, can we talk about these
underwater crash retrievals? And he told me, I don't know anything about it. And at that point,
I rationed, okay, he's bound by NDA. He can't speak about this. It makes sense. I'll back off.
But then, of course, at the hearing, he said he'd never signed an NDA towards anything.
He did say that. Yeah.
That does worry me a little bit. He doesn't know about USO retrievals. Harry, thank you very much.
Who was your favorite during the breaks, meetups, and formal chats?
Probably Burleson, to be honest.
Yeah, I thought our conversation with Burleson, post hearing. And then he was also at the UAPDF,
post party as well. We got some FaceTime there as well.
It was really great talking to him. He's a sharp cat. We also got to talk to numerous house staffers
as well. Oh, yeah. We'll get into that once we finish up the hearings. But we'll just say for
now, we got a lot of business cards, which was great. Contact information was exchanged.
Okay. Jim Chu says, on what impact, if any, will Trump have on deeper disclosure?
I already think that he's making consequential moves by placing men like Rubio in power, which
Rubio, of course, has been trying to subpoena and interview witnesses since at least 2008.
And Matt Gaetz being the attorney general, that was just announced today. I think that's
significant. I think he's setting up a pretty pro-disclosure cabinet.
I know there's been a lot of talks as well with this Department of Government Efficiency,
which seems to be more and more like a real thing. Elon Musk, Vivek, Rama Swamy, if you guys are
watching this stream, I would love to join the effort in specifically trying to audit this
legacy program activity. Hey, let's get this man in doge. That'd be pretty cool. So what stuck out
to Throsey here was the idea of tracking ARVs. This implies that foreign ARVs are uncontrolled,
domestic ARVs. I think both probably remember, this is something that even Congress really got
wrong. Immaculate Constellation is not a legacy program. This was made in 2017 in an attempt to,
I guess, umbrella over both legacy program and UAP. And it happened concurrent with Lou Elizondo
coming out public with the New York Times order. So Immaculate Constellation would not have
access. Members of Immaculate Constellation would not have read-on access to, let's say,
the Air Force legacy program that tests ARV crap. Possibly. I mean, we don't really know how
consolidated those databases are because it does talk about, I think, the overall structure of
Immaculate Constellation is like a reporting. So it gets these UFO reports, this raw data that's
coming in, and it silos it based on the imagery and the intelligence that they have behind that.
So does that database also include stuff pre-2017? Well, I don't really know. But what I will say is,
within the Immaculate Constellation report, this 11-page report, it does talk about imagery and
human intelligence reports. And the scope of those encounters goes back to 1991. So that's
pre-2017. So does Immaculate Constellation have that pre-2017 data? Maybe. It just really depends
on what this author of this document had access to. And if it was all IC, Immaculate Constellation.
Maybe. But I've also asked some of my friends who are analysts in satellite industry, so they
could look back to 1974 for the Koyama incident, and they said, that's too far back. We have a cutoff.
So I think for some of these space-based systems, that data is just not available.
But I also do think that the programs are even between Army, Navy, and Air Force,
probably the three largest legacy programs, that there's very little communication or cross-referencing
between those programs. So it'd be interesting to find out who the witness of Schellenberger is,
and who ran the Immaculate Constellation program. It was said that this was an individual in the
executive branch. Possibly State Department. Possibly State Department. That's at least
the witness, I think, Ross Goldhart has said. I think so. But I am of the mind that there are
domestic ARBs that probably even the executive branch and Immaculate Constellation has no idea
about. Yeah, but also I think probably the most interesting part is that we do have foreign
intelligence of foreign ARBs, and those are included within the Immaculate Constellation
report. And we have imagery and videos of this stuff. Specifically of the case that occurred
over the Indo-Pacific region of a large black triangle, which if that's the case, you know,
we were just at the Spy Museum and we saw some imagery of China ripping off and reverse
engineering a predator drone. This would also mean that China ripped off and reverse engineered a
TR3D. Hey, I do the same thing all the time. Kermit, here's a question for you, sir. There was
some speculation regarding the involvement of Pacific architects and engineers outbidding
OSAP for the locking materials. Anything there? That's a great question. Yeah, I so I've been
referred to Pacific architects and engineers quite some times. As I understand it, they were later
required by Lockheed Martin, I think. Yeah, I haven't really looked into it a ton. I know that
they did become involved like post OSAP trans like that same timeline still exists. So very
interesting, but I will say I think it's a fairly small organization. Like it's mostly like an
engineering consulting services group that's I think less than a thousand, five thousand employees.
I could be completely wrong here. But yeah, no, I know I know the name Pacific architects. I don't
know a ton about it. But yeah, I'll just nod my head and smile. That just means follow up research.
So that's awesome. Trump could pardon Trump could pardon anyone under UAP non-disclosure.
I think amnesty should be truth and reconciliation. Yeah, truth. Unless it's a it's like a person
that has killed somebody for the sake of secrecy. Yeah, like if these are not, I don't know. I don't
even know if like the JSOC members in the 2004, if that's a true case, the blue on blue JSOC,
we've been killed by Lockheed retrieval members, if that's a true case, and those guys are acting
under strict orders. But I don't know if if you're a men in black assassin trying to who visited
Mark McCandless's house in 2021, I don't know how much you should receive amnesty.
It feels almost like it would be almost like a military version of a record case, right? Because
it's like you have all these people working on these different programs following orders. But at
the end of the day, who's really making decisions? So if you really want like full disclosure, truth
and reconciliation, sending people to jail as well for, you know, illegal activity, I feel like
the ultimate responsibility is like the people, you know, Depsec, whatever, that are in these
high up positions making these orders, right? So who ultimately is responsible for that? I don't
know. We don't know. We're still trying to figure that out. Maybe it's Cheney. He should have been
in jail a long time ago. He's probably sits at the top of the pyramid. So Mace is a grifter. I'd
like to get your opinion on this. I think she's more of just an opportunist who doesn't really
understand maybe some context around UFOs and kind of the disinformating cartoonists and grifters,
if you want to call him that. So I understand like calling calling grifter just from seeing the
shirt. I totally understand it. But okay, calling calling Mace a grifter. I just I think it's just
the poor taste of her. Yeah, it's just poor. I think it's just poor taste. And honestly, I think
it's probably like a staffer or something. Yeah. That's, Hey, you know, we're trying to have some
UFO brain and merch out there so that, you know, our constituents know, you know, this is this will
be. Yeah. So Siwan, thank you again. You talked to a staffer at that the committee had heard about
Schrock and his story. Not sure why he didn't testify. I was thinking, yeah, once I once I'd
saw a truck was going to talk at Seoul, I was assuming he was going to be one of the witnesses
today. That was very surprising for me. So one of the things at Seoul is there's some time for
meet and greets and so forth along with the Q&A. So we will I promise you try and pull Schrock for
an interview. I would do anything for that. So we'll scroll down here. So this is talking a little
bit throws. He's talking a little bit more about Mace. They're selling a platform for fundraising
for Republicans. But yes, bad taste. Okay. We all agree there. So here's a question or statement
from Hokey. It would be interesting for you to talk with the lawyer in the military space. What
are the potential legal mechanisms? 1950s era executive orders, DOE exceptions that could keep
this hushed up. I didn't like being a good person to us to talk to. Yeah. And then also, I mean,
this is, I mean, at least in the legal financial area, right? Like there's a bunch of stuff in,
you know, the SEC Act, the Code of Federal Regulations that allow not just for like the
president, but also like to your point, right, Department of Energy, they can provide like
the executive agencies can provide these exemptions specifically for corporations or people or
agencies that are involved in, you know, above black or above board activities like that.
So I'm just trying to look at the questions because then we'll get back to the hearings.
So Nell, I only heard from the disclosure Mike account, and he was also talking about other
witnesses, like firsthand triangle witnesses. So maybe this was, maybe his sources
were a little bit behind. Maybe there was something that was supposed to happen. But
no, I personally heard none of Nell supposing to have testified. Yeah. I'd like to, I'd like to
hear him. Okay. Sorry. Okay. A question about Michael, does he know when he'll be able to go
back to the black side? I do not know. I have no idea. Michael used to work at Bigelow and that
wasn't mentioned in his bio. Also NASA is the, yeah, I've ever worked for NASA is not transparent.
I can give you guys, I mean, I think I've talked about it multiple times, like in the Moon dust
video where NASA has lied. Anyone see SAIC took its biggest one day loss today? No, actually,
today, today with post earnings, what's going on here? Oh no. I don't know. Yeah. Well,
let Kermit pull that up while I get, while I get the next question. The one day we go run the streets
looking at museums, the SAIC tanks. How did I have such a great seat? I had a good friend who
helped me get media for this really good friend. I'm very thankful too. And so I owe all of that
to that, that person. Have you guys read the 11 page paper? Yes, we're about to talk about it too
once we finish up with the hearings as well. Okay, let's see. Eli, shout out event horizon.
It's not just at SAIC. It's actually a, so what's going on with SAIC is actually being seen at
Litos, Amentum and a couple other defense primes. It seems to be some type of uncertainty in the
defense market at its current, at this current moment. I wonder what's causing that. I wonder
what's causing that. I'm just looking for, for triangles. Siwon, thank you. You are giving a
lot of cash. Thank you so much, man. Thank you very much. I really appreciate that. Thank you
as well, Jimmy Shoe. I'm looking for questions right now, guys. Yeah, I think I saw this as
well to Douglas Dean Johnson and Kirkpatrick provided several points too. I don't know,
Debunk, I think he might have raised some interesting points. I haven't fully read what,
what he said. Yeah, so his, his belief, right, I think it's kind of just scrutinizing and assessing
this document, right? So first off, this is written by somebody in the Department of Defense and then
was approved by the Department of State Public Affairs. Kirkpatrick basically said in his response,
this is completely bogus. This is completely made up. This isn't what happens. Not to mention,
this 11 page document is not on any official letterhead. It does not seem to be any sort of like,
formalized or standard report memo. Otherwise, it's coming out officially of an agency. This
seems like, I don't know, like it could be somebody typing up this report. Is this somebody in the
government? Is this somebody that's not in the government? Ultimately, we don't, we don't really
entirely know, but I think some of the things that we would expect from government documents are
absent from this 11 page report. And then especially now that it's been entered into the
congressional record and everyone's kind of talking about it, it's like, obviously, the
scrutiny has just increased. Yeah. Yeah. So how did the panel get selected? Felt more like a
variety show, which I agree with you. I have no idea how the panel got selected. All I know is
that for this hearing specifically from Burleson, as well as a person I talked to connected with
the intelligence community at the UAPDF, there have been other instances where witnesses were
intimidated almost like up to the time they were supposed to, supposed to testify. So, you know,
I'm not exactly sure the issues here, but I don't know how this was selected. I mean, I
probably would have chosen a little bit of a different lineup or possibly even more witnesses,
but, you know, I'm not necessarily sure. I felt like they did a good job just, again, kind of
selecting a group of people that kind of represented different aspects kind of of this. And you have
like naval intelligence, you know, journalism, science. I thought that that was a pretty good
mix of people. Right. I do think that the hearings were varied enough from last years.
However, we need first-hand, not first-hand experiencers, but first-hand whistleblowers
involved. Like touch the craft. You've been in the basement, you've seen the stuff. Yes.
But I don't know, saying you've seen the stuff, mentioning the technologies and mentioning the
locations would then be violating your special access programs that you've been read into in
legacy. So the consequences for that would likely be severe. Yeah. And I imagine those are the type
of people that would be told on their way to testify, to turn back or bad things will happen.
Yeah, that could be happening. Crackerjack, thank you so much for the 20 big month. It is a big
month. We got a lot of stuff and we still got soul coming up. Traveling across the country for UAPs.
So, sorry, I'm just looking at, did you already talk about the Kuwait UAP that
Sheldon Berger mentioned? Not yet, which we will. I'd also, in the report, which I thought was
interesting, was the mention of the Orbs flying circles around the F-22s, right?
Yep. And then also, I think that same incident at the Orbs escorted the F-22 out of the
missionary. So this pilot is on their way to do this mission. And then all of a sudden,
they get surrounded by Orbs that are doing all these tricks around it. And then the Orbs are
like, get out. As I was reading that report, I'm just trying to picture it for myself. I'm like,
that's got to be airing on. And that reminds me of the Donald Trump on JRE, who talks about speaking
to F-22 pilots who observe. Yeah, specifically F-22. So do those correlate? I don't think it's
a stretch to say yes. William, I've been awesome, man. How are you doing? Sorry I've been a little
dark between Jesse and this and soul has so much going on. I do have a project coming out and it
should be within the week that I'm really excited. Really excited. Yes, we talked about this. It
appears the report came from Corbell, not Schellenberger. A lot of drama around there.
Schellenberger just had an interview with Jesse. I haven't had the opportunity to watch it yet,
but I would like to see that. I would like to see that. So let me just look for questions here,
guys, so then we'll keep talking. You guys asked so many great questions, especially the stuff
of current. Keep them coming. So yeah. Have you seen the Beyond Paradigm podcast with putoff and
graves? Do you think that it's important that somebody who just worked with putoff just testified?
I have not seen the podcast with putoff and graves. Have you? I would like to watch it though,
because we've got to meet Ryan Graves as well, and he's extremely kind. What's the chatter with
the grush op-ed? Well, Burleson will make some comments on it, but he thought the reason as to
why the American public has not seen it yet was not his place to say, but he did have some comments
on it, which is pretty interesting. Okay, perfect. Thank you for putting the question. How was the
UAPDF dinner? Any key points there that caught your attention? Did congressional individuals and
staffer show interest? Thank you. That's a perfect segue question. So Lester Nair, guys, if you guys,
you guys probably all know Lester Nair. If you don't, I'd really follow him. He's a member of UAP
Caucus, brilliant individual. This morning he tweeted, I have a lot of thoughts about yesterday.
I'll just start with saying being here in person is like seeing the situation in full color,
watching only the hearings and not all the things happening in real life before and
after around it. It's like watching it in black and white. And this is a statement we've talked
about. I couldn't agree more with guys. The hearings were good. I love the time there,
but I was blown away by UAPDF. Seeing the House and congressional interest and support from both
Republicans and Democrats, seeing the unity around some individuals, seeing members connected
with the intelligence community. There were numerous staffers as well that we just talked about that
Kermit and I connected with a lot of business cards to speak to staffers who are really
interested in the subject. And I'll keep going on, but give me your thoughts on UAPDF.
Yeah. First off, I just want to say Lester Nair, thank you kindly for letting us in.
It was extraordinary just to be able to just be amongst everybody and just have the opportunity
just to be able to attend and get to talk to everybody. Yeah. I mean, pretty much a lot
of the witnesses were there. A lot of people around them, Ryan Graves, who attended the
hearings and was also at the UAPDF. And then some of the representatives, Senator Rounds,
gave the opening address and actually awarded Lou Elizondo a framed copy of the legislation
that was cool to the NDAA last year, which I think that that speaks volumes to the support and
just the persistence, just kind of the persistence that Senator Rounds and these people in Congress
have about really trying to get transparency and enacting legislation to get that. And none of them
are like, like none of them are kooky or dubious characters as Green Street would say. Burrelson
went on stage. He said, guys, like I've said this before, I'll say it again. I'm skeptic about
everything. But there's obvious blockages here from places outside of Congress. And I want to
get to the bottom of this and so forth. So these guys are all saying that they don't have all the
pieces, but they're pretty darn open-minded. We'll just say Burrelson has not been at rest
since Brush spoke last year. He has not been just relaxing and chilling. Either has Birchette
and other people. We got the board of directors for the UAP-DF, including Gary Nolan, Nell and
Elizondo, the advisory board, Timothy Gallaudet, Chris Mellon, Kirk McConnell. Interesting about
Chris Mellon. We went to the art museum today and the Mellon family donated all of the best
pieces there. Substantially all, yeah. And we got a document here, an actual picture of the six
observables of UAP craft, including positive lift, hypersonic velocities, instantaneous acceleration,
low observability, trans-medium travel and biological effects. But what I would just like
to say about the UAP-DF is there were some individuals there that I have wanted to connect to
for a very long time that I finally got the chance to sit and speak with. And I couldn't be happier.
So do we want to talk about, I guess, our conversation with Leslie?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we'll talk about Leslie Kane a little bit.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. How was that conversation?
So for the Brad Swarinson ARV project, analyzing emails and transcripts, I found one mention
that between 2000 and 2003, Mark had sent Leslie Kane a copy of Fluxliner as drawn by Brad.
And so I bring this up to Leslie Kane and she couldn't remember it because at that time she
was working with Greer. She didn't talk to McCandlishe after 2004 when she left with Greer,
didn't know all about that. And so asked me to explain. And Leslie Kane kind of had no idea of
the Brad Swarinson interview with Aviation Week in Space Technology. And so Shera and I were
talking for like 10 minutes straight. She was gobsmacked about the death threats from Swarinson.
She couldn't believe it. But then she and I were talking about that. We were talking about the
Edwards case and Wittness Ed, Kexburg as well. And Leslie Kane is just one of the smartest,
nicest people I've ever spoken to. There was a group of journalists nearby. I sat near them at
the press conference and they were kind of hounding around, really nice people kind of
wanting to get a picture of what was going on. So then afterwards they talked to me for like 30
minutes on how I source methods. But Leslie Kane was so cool to talk to. She's so small and she's
so cute with her like, gray hair that's puffing out in every direction. It was, it was really
fantastic just watching y'all both just go and add it on Kexburg and Torrance and it was just,
it was like a meeting of the minds and I was just like, I was just blessed just to like sit and watch
it, you know? Because she stepped away from the case for a while. I think with, I think with a lot
of journalists, and it makes sense, right? When you have to, you know, meet a quota for maybe a
publication or some forth, at some point, you got to step away from the case. Yeah. And so with
Kexburg, you know, Kexburg, I think she hit a dead end, which I understand too, because I also told
her about kind of Romansky and some of the FOIA dead ends with talking to his kids who he mentioned
on the Jim Montell show, words of night access to, or told not to speak about Romansky. So in my
opinion, Kexburg has hit someone of a dead end, but, you know, her eyes kind of lit up when I told
her about the Sorens and stuff, because, you know, that case really is alive and well, especially
with ARV and Immaculate Constellation. But yeah, I mean, it's made the new cycle yet again. And as
we know, this, the, the McCandler Sorens and Story is one of the original like sources of the ARV
reproduction vehicle concept. So, you know, if we, if, if we really want to understand the
ARV and the RV, man, like we need to, we need to, we need, I don't know, we need to drag people in
and start getting them testified. Well, and I really need to stress this, because I think Corbell
and Knapp discussed this as well as some others. The term, excuse me, ARV did not originate with
Greer. This UFO researcher, Bill Hamilton was the first person to ever speak about ARV. And this
term was given to him by Brad and Bill Scott. And in 1991, he was the first one to publish
the term ARV to text unrelated to the story. I think he made a misprint here. He called it an
alien replicated vehicle, not alien reproduction vehicle, but use the term ARV. And so in my tweet
where I kind of called out Schellenberger a little bit for saying, Hey, why did you take this out?
It's because ARV is not attributing alien and extra terrestrials to this vehicle. ARV is the
specific term. It's like the brand name, like Sprite to lemon line soda that Brad Sorensen was
told by the individual showing off the craft at Northern Air Force Base, which is a story, I
believe to be true. ARV specifically was said, these are alien reproduction vehicles. So, you know,
by saying alien reproduction vehicle, it's not just extraterrestrial. It's a, I hate to use this
word because I think it's overused, but it is a kind of a nuance term, right? Yeah. But so Leslie
Kane, I'm sending her some of the ARV stuff and she and I are going to get cracking and talk a
little bit more about that. So it's exciting. If I could get her on the show or talk to her,
because we were waiting for like 20 minutes to speak to her. There were some
chatty Cathy speaking to her right before we got up. And it's okay. I mean, for some
people like us, it's, it's a little shocking to be in kind of a mixture with
some of the people we were around. Yeah, I would say overall, it just felt very surreal. I mean,
for me, you know, this is, I guess the first time I've come out and like, Hey, I'm Kermit,
I'm probably probably about years or whatever. And then also just seeing a lot of people that
have been like following and talking with like on Twitter, Reddit, you know, all these different
social media platforms and then seeing a lot of those people in person. And then like,
you know, the UAPDF party, it's like, you know, who are kind of worried if we weren't, if we're
going to get in or not, it was all this, you know, kind of anxiety about it. And then just being in
the room, it was like, at first part, I was just like anxious because I'm like, geez, like, I'm so
out of place. But I also just felt like just so happy and just so blessed just to like have, have
that experience. Everybody there was brilliant. Everybody there had something to offer and talk
about. And it was just a really special group of people. It was really darn cool. Absolutely.
And it was really cool. I also, we got to talk to James Fox quite a bit as well.
Really excited for the program. We're going to see that next week at Sol. But
James Fox is one cool dude out on Apple TV, November, December 15. I think so. He is one
cool dude guys. James Fox is awesome to talk to. Yep. We were, yeah, we, we talked a lot about
that. And then also just going to Sol and, you know, just his doc, like his, his work with Virginia
a little bit as well. So fantastic guy. I would say a lot of the people that we met yesterday
were very nice. You know, they're very interested in talking to us and learning from our perspective
and our experience and kind of like, you know, our reason, our why of like being this topic. So
I found it pretty cool because I find as like a content creator in the sphere, there's a lot of
like hoarding of information, I would say, and kind of unwillingness to share and collaborate.
So being around this group of people who are just so willing to speak and talk was, was really
cool. You know, so many people asked me like, who do I work for? They say nobody. I, you know,
I work for myself. I'm just here because I'm intellectually curious about aliens. Yeah.
Some people would kind of give a look at like, really? Yeah. Like Burlton asked me that and I
just know like I'm self published. I just create documentaries. And so that was, that was really
cool guys. I'm on a first name basis with Rhett Burlton. Did you notice the witnesses were as
nervous in person as they appeared on TV? I understand it's a nerve wracking situation,
but they seem very nervous. To me, they did not look nervous at all. The most nervous person was
Jeremy Cordell. I wasn't in the room. So I wouldn't know. I will say, I mean, they didn't seem nervous
at least when I got to meet a lot of them at the UAPDF. You know, if these people are all engaged
in some massive psychological operation, they're doing a really, really good job of it. Because
it did not seem like they were engaged in fraud or anything like that. And I think Michael Gold
had one heck of a time because he was a, he was just kind of eating candy the whole time. And
then afterwards I got to speak to him and he was just so, he was like all smiles that he got to
talk. So, you know, it's always nice meeting the men behind the mics and talking to these people.
Well, I mean, there's certainly, I had been a little harsh, I think, on loot lately with some of
the presentation stuff and just sort of the questions that still remain and are really
valid about his background, as well as his work at CIFA, the Counterintelligence Field Activity.
But, you know, meeting and talking to these people was really great. So, yes, okay.
While this part was people reporting loss of time and feelings of unease, let's remember the story
of Jonathan Wagan, who in 1997 in Peru, when he and his fellow Marines allegedly found a crash
saucer as they got within close proximity, they felt like intense fear and unease. And, you know,
if the infographics whistleblower story is true, crash retrieval operators have to have
grounding mechanisms because your cognition is so affected. Well, it's a, yeah, I've heard from
other people's experiences as well that loss of time is actually quite common. I think there's
something to do with the warping of gravity and time and just how that affects our perception.
That definitely tracks. There's another point I was going to say to that, but I'm completely
blanking on it. Is it about fear or? Fear. Oh, actually, what I was going to say is, you know,
actually, the loss of time is also featured in the X-Files, too. Whenever Fox Motor, whenever he has
these encounters, if you see his, you know, extraterrestrial vehicle, he'll check his
watch because he's trying to see if the, you know, the timer's gone. So I don't know. I, I, I
sort of watched the X-Files after I really started getting into UAPs and I'm like,
interesting. Like, this is talking, this is a lot of the stuff I've been like researching it.
This is a little on the nose. X-Files is a big thing. What's going on?
And I'll talk about one very specific thing in the X-Files in my next video. How much of the
UAP topic occupies your daily life researching, editing? If I'm not with the girlfriend talking
to Kermit on the phone, training Jiu Jitsu, lifting weights or doing other work, I'm doing this. So
and I know you didn't ask me, but what I will say is it's probably, it is my, it is my intellectual
curiosity. So after, after work, after dinner, after I'm done hanging out with my friends and
watching Instagram reels, I'm scrolling the CIA's reading room and the Navy's reading room as well.
Yeah. So yeah, I mean, I'll say if I'm not, this takes up probably most of my time outside the
lady. I always have like nine or 10 PDFs. I'm reading escape velocity. Thank you so much.
This is for our, oh, thank you. Let's catch up soon. Absolutely. Thank you so much.
I appreciate it, man. I appreciate it a lot. And yes, sorry I missed your call today. It's been
hectic as been very hectic, dude, but thank you so much. Levi, it was nice to meet you too, man.
Wanted to ask if you got any impressions hearing roundspeak at the UAPDA would be
reintroduced independently. I wouldn't be surprised. He mentioned it a couple of times.
There seems to be very strong support. Yeah.
To reintroduce seems to be a little bit of spite that it wasn't passed.
Yeah. He seemed pretty unhappy. So it was mentioned a lot.
So Juan, thank you again, dude. Holy cow. Do you believe SSCI know some UAPs are NHI and are aware
of the legacy program? Senate probably. Yeah. Senate probably. Especially
House, I think like a house is really still trying to get answers on this. But as far as we know,
Senate has been on this trail. Like they had almost a year, a six months to a year head start
over the house and their investigations. Yeah. That's at least what I was told.
Okay. This is a good question. What alleged NHI technology would you both like to most know
everything about things? I would like, I don't, that's actually a tough one. I've grappled with
this question a lot. So I'll let you go first, Grimmit. You just throw me the. Yeah, you go first, man.
I want to, I think the electrogravity is probably the first thing I want to look at.
I want to, I just, I just want to know like if it was actually a thing, you know, also just by the
way, like, come on. So the B2, I don't know if you guys know this, but the B2 has a technology on
board. I think it's called the inertial mass reduction or something like that. Basically,
it uses like electromagnetic, like high voltage electricity through the wings to reduce the
weight of the airframe. So it's like less, less, less heavy in the air. So it's a little bit more
maneuverable. I just think that's very interesting, you know, up to I think, and that's basically
electrogravity. If you want to, if you want to kind of think about it like that. I mean,
I'm not a scientist. Again, I'm going to count it. But that's probably one of the first things I
would be interested in. I'd say novel propulsion and then energy would be the next one. Like how,
how is that propulsion like being energized? That's kind of one and two for me.
So specific technology, because I can't really go with the craft, I would like to know
about the piece of technology that RA described that was the weapons technology.
The tablet?
Yes. That was showing the symbology. He didn't know if it was in his head or not.
So that, that would, that would be one of mine.
Sorry. Sorry, getting through these and I'm going through. Thank you. Will be Milo. Pretty
impressive. You are pretty impressive. Thank you so much. And so one again. Thank you, dude. Holy
cow. And Chris Sharp collab would go insane. Well, you know, Chris Sharp wasn't there,
but I got to make a heck of a lot of connections. So I would love to talk crash retrievals with
Sharp. In fact, you know, I'd like to meet him in person. So, you know, maybe we'll get a London
trip going in because I'd really like to meet him. UAP is across the pond. So JC was not testifying.
That is an interesting observation. Why would he be nervous? I don't know, but he just, when I was
talking to him before the hearings, he was just like, okay, now I need to center myself a little bit.
So. Oh, okay. I just, I didn't, I didn't know what JC was at first.
Did you talk with anyone about remote viewing? Yeah, quite a bit. Specifically, Chris from
Area 52 channel. He was with, he's really cool, by the way. You got to talk to him too from Area 52.
He actually says he has had experience with remote viewing. So I'm going to link up and talk with him
and, you know, see if he can do some, some sort of demonstrations or proof of concept because,
you know, I'm sure you feel kind of the same, same way as me, but this is one of the toughest
things for me to grab my head around and grapple just because I'm so unfamiliar with the topic.
Yeah. The only time it was really discussed was kind of talking about like Ed May's work in the
1990s and how that got transferred into that certain private corporation that we're interested in.
Was it Mays or Luna that also talked about craft flown with mind?
Bind body. That was craft connection. Luna, I think was mind body. She said it was a mind
body connection. That was interesting. That was very interesting. Okay. This is just a comment.
Diana Posolka said on a pod, Tim Taylor, AKA Tyler told her ex files had real consultants from the
program. Yep. Yeah. I would agree. I would agree with this. Holy crap. Snapple. Thank you so much.
BJJ practitioners. Where do you train? I mean, that is just so kind of you. Thank you. I'll be
sharing this loop with my boy Kermit here. Thank you so much. Sorry. I'm just looking at, okay,
questions. Yes. Thank you guys. What actions moving forward? Are you guys looking for Congress to
take and what would indicate action on the information to discuss discussed in this hearing?
That's a great question. For me specifically, what actions moving forward? Witnesses need to
be subpoenaed and this needs to be done in a setting outside of Arrow. I spoke with Burleson
about this and there are witnesses. I have talked about publicly and not publicly that
information has been passed on for him to get subpoenaed. Yeah. I feel like the more interesting
people to talk to at this point are the ones that are not going to be super cooperative because
I think the majority of them are probably a little bit more in the know than people that
are more transparent about this. That's just my take on this. I also want to see Congress
actually investigating the forensic audit trail. I want them either getting a GAO audit done,
a DOGE audit, this Department of Government Efficiency stuff. I want them to start making
progress on figuring out how the funding is happening and if there's taxpayer dollars or
private money that's involved because I think ultimately that's I think the American people
deserve to know and the Congress people themselves said it multiple times like we are going to find
out about this. That's something I want them desperately to follow up on. I think this is
a good question. Why do you think we haven't seen any new evidence like videos or pics?
Of course, you could reference why a lot of people I think are kind of disappointed there
wasn't such evidence shown at the hearings. However, I think the info here is a little bit
more complicated because if we're talking about immaculate constellation, for example, and
some of the imagery there, Kermit talked about this earlier, but it's not like a satellite
feeds are giving you a steady 4K recording picture. No, you're giving data. You're just
giving streams of data and I think anomalies are noticed in the data for objects in picture or
there's various conditions to kind of identify what the satellite systems for NRO and NGA and
stuff are looking at. At this point, this data is filtered and if it's picked up by immaculate
constellation and so forth, it's siloed away quickly. Another thing I'll add as well is like
if you're just looking at ARRO and you're looking at the progress that ARRO has made,
by the way, they just released a new report, a historical records report, where they talked
about some of the new cases and morphology and the progress that ARRO has been making.
I like the report. I'm curious to know what the chat's thoughts are this evening about that as
well, but what I will say is ARRO has indicated they are building more instrument platforms and so
I think as they're starting to build, I think it was called the Gremlin system, which is like
hyper spectral imagery. As these offices and as other organizations start to
parse that data and they start to look at that and they can take intelligence from it,
they can scrub it to make sure there's no classified information, I think we're going to
start to see that going forward, but I think it's really just been the instruments, the technology
to see this stuff, it's just had to catch up recently. And then somebody asked the question
and you relate it, which is a good question. If Sean Kirkpatrick saw no, thought all UAP was
prosaic, why have these Gremlin systems and advanced sensory data have been introduced?
That was a random question from a random person on Twitter, but I thought it was a very, very
good question because it's like Kirkpatrick, when he was running ARRO, he had the main line
narrative of most, if not all UAP are prosaic, the people that are witnesses are either misinformed
or they're providing disinformation to Congress for their own financial benefit, whatever.
But at the same breath, it's like, okay, Kirkpatrick, you're saying UFOs aren't real,
but you're spending a bunch of money on cameras that can look at things that aren't visible to the
human eye. Why? And speaking of Kirkpatrick, I thought it was mighty funny to see Tim
go after Kirkpatrick in both his testimony and congressional submission and Kirkpatrick
kind of fire back like it was a high school drama. He's just mad, I didn't hire him.
Kirkpatrick is so hot under the collar. I'm sure everybody here has seen his
interview on Event Horizon. Kirkpatrick is just, he never makes himself look good.
Well, let's not forget his LinkedIn letter after the Grush hearing that posted the same
day after the multi-date Grush. He was so petty with Grush. Yeah.
So Area 52 has been going over the 4chan leak from last year. Very interesting stuff. What are
your thoughts on it? My thoughts are I plan to make a full video about it because there's just
a lot of interesting tidbits. The 4chan leaker? Yeah, the 4chan leaker, if nobody knows, it's
an alleged testimony off of 4chan, which of course is going to raise some red flags because
4chan is kind of just a place for a lot of self-deprecating funny people to post about
wild stuff. But the theory behind this is that there's basically a hamburger-shaped
self-replicating craft that patrols our ocean non-human that custom builds UAP for specific
mission purposes. And this is part of the reason that crash is occurring, thus retrievals, because
this specific facility generally doesn't care what happens to its used up product.
Well, it's because the UFOs that are coming from this area, whatever this craft is,
they seem to be just built for spec, built for that mission. And so it's almost disposable,
right? So sometimes these things aren't perfectly built. They crash and then we pick it up.
My take on it is that that story is very interesting and it sounds like something the
United States maybe would be very interested in doing, but I'll say no more.
So William says, do you think it will be different on the issues of UFOs now that
Trump is president? Absolutely. I personally do. Just because I think part of it he has
spoken about UFOs openly, so I think he'll be more receptive and reporters and media will be more
interested to ask him. And I think with some of the people he's positioned in power might be
far more willing to work with him. We'll see how Marco Rubio works with Trump. Trump used to
call him Little Marco. Yeah, but I feel like that was a lot of just political
swagger. He's just trying to beat Rubio on the election. I don't think he holds that against him.
He's just teasing him, I don't know. But I will say Trump has indicated that he's not only interested
in getting disclosure about UAPs, but also like the JFK records, 9-11, all these other
issues and things that we've been talking about in terms of improper government oversight or
possible malfeasance. He wants truth on not just UAPs, just like truth in general. I think that
that's a good idea of what we're going to see the next four years. So Shardful, what are your
thoughts on Boebert talking about the rumors on the Hill about DoD involved in genetic manipulation?
Interesting. First of all, I thought her line of speaking,
like I understand a lot of people right after election want to bring some
political jargon into something, but I thought her talking about the last election and so forth
was a little bit of a poor taste. It's already difficult to get the subject taken seriously.
So you want questions as directed and purposeful as possible, talking about birds being drones.
Birds aren't real. Yeah, when you say that, it's just you're making it disingenuous and it
honestly felt like the lines of questioning prior to Boebert taking the stage. It was very
good. It was leading somewhere. There were some very interesting things and then all of a sudden
Boebert gets up and is like birds aren't real and Biden got 81 million votes and it felt for a brief
moment like the air was sucked out and the energy was sucked out for a minute.
Maybe there is some interesting research to be done about genetic manipulation,
but now that she said that, that's associated with conspiracies like birds.
Yeah, but it makes you wonder like, okay, Boebert is at least aware of this, but is the other part
of the UAP caucus like as Burleson, as Birchhead, as Moskowitz, as Luna, the guys that we know on
the Hill that are interested in this, are they also hearing about this too? Because I know Colt's
heart, he speculated on his live stream. I don't know the speculation, but kind of saying like,
watch this space a little bit because it seems that there are possibly credible allegations
about a hybridization program that have reached Congress and that might be something that will
be talked about in further hearings. I think GS15 John Ramirez has talked about that on public
forums as well. I can't quite remember, but Truthsau says, who specifically would use a
peanut to testify? One, Ed from Edwards. Two and three, I can't necessarily say. What about you,
Kermit?
Probably Deputy Secretary David Turk of the Department of Energy.
Oh, we walked by the DOE today. We did walk by the Forest Hall building.
We took pictures outside the James Forest Hall Department of Energy building to make chat.
It was a great time. Yeah, I would subpoena. Definitely, without naming names, some folks
in the Air Force that oversee experimental test wings at Edwards and the Deputy Director of,
sorry, the Director of Global Acts, Office of Global Acts. Those are my top three.
Or, thank you so much for the 50s. This is for my boys, 10 and 12. Well, thank you. That's
extremely nice. Role model and inspiration, thank you very much. I really appreciate the kind words
and also extend those same courtesy to Kermit because he is killing it. You're getting a lot
of love on this show too, man. Thank you so much. Falcon, Ed, do you think Avi Loeb is an ally or not?
Yes, I have a friend who speaks extremely highly of Avi and are trying to maybe facilitate a meeting
with himself and me. I'd really like to talk to him. Do you have any thoughts on Avi?
I think he's doing a really, really good thing. I think it's so great that the same
organization that John Mack was a part of and there was a lot of issues with his internal review.
Now, Harvard is kind of supporting Avi Loeb having a more serious inquiry into the major
light craft. I don't know. Yeah, I don't know. I'm just saying, generally, just looking at how
Harvard treats their staff is they're a little bit more open to Avi having this discussion
versus how they were with Mack decades ago. This is my take. Yeah, I think very highly of Avi.
Remember when James Clapper lied about mass surveillance to the Congress and nothing happened?
Yes. It seems like that's talked about quite a lot. They lie about a bunch of stuff.
Okay. Sorry, guys. Just looking for some questions. The chat here is always excellent.
That's why I'm trying to look specifically for questions.
Yeah, they're awesome.
Just because there's a lot of good discussion. Carl Nell and Admiral Wilson. Yeah, that's another.
Oh, what do I think of the work Jesse Michaels is doing? I think Jesse is fantastic and he's one
of the best voices in the space. I've got to grow to be friends with him over the last couple of
months and, of course, hang out with him in person. Jesse is wonderful and he is really,
really driven to make change in this field. He is a very solid person. Jesse's just got his
own style too, man. We talked about this earlier, but nobody else could show up to the hearings
in just like a more laxed fit. If anybody did it, but Jesse, they would look a bit strange.
I think we're towards the end now. Keep submitting those questions. Otherwise,
we'll just keep chatting about the Immaculate Constellation Report, which we'll get into.
You'd go with the DOE people too and former CA, Office of Global Access. Yeah, Gaffney would be
good. However, I think the names from Wilson Davis, the senior review group, and specifically would
be very good. I would subpoena the sec depths from the 90s. I think Terry was one of them that was
talked about who might have had purview because I think he was undersecretary of research and
development for DODs, so he would have probably had purview in the early 90s, late 80s.
So we're at a little bit of a good point in the questions now. You want to talk a little bit about
the Immaculate Constellation Report? Absolutely. There's one report that you have been mulling
over in your head a lot. Can you tell us about that case? Absolutely. There's the iPad. We got it
up right there. So for those of you guys following at home, we're talking about specifically the
cases in Section 2, the US government imagery intelligence. Let me pull up a second screen.
How about that? Okay. And while we do that, I can have it right here. Okay, we got Max Farr.
Thank you, Max. Max Farr is a good friend of both of us. How's it going, sir? Yeah,
now that we have ARBs mentioned in Immaculate Constellation, the time is nigh. I got to say I
am thrilled that the term ARB is fully in the report. I think that's excellent.
Yeah, just quickly read it. So something that, you know, just reading all these different reports
and the examples of just the imagery intelligence that's included within the database of Immaculate
Constellation, I'll say a lot of these reports are very interesting and eye-opening, but there's
one that I'm very interested to see if we can get either a FOIA request or like any sort of follow-up
on this because this would seem like a crazy video. Okay, let me just read the description.
On U.S. government networks, there exists OPIR footage of a large saucer-shaped UAP emerging
from within a dense cloud formation. The saucer registered black-hot against white-cold with
atmospheric disturbances caused by the saucer-shaped UAP visible. The saucer was between 200 to 400
meters in circumference and displayed symmetrical concavities on the upper surface, so I think like
a dome on top. After breaking above the cloud cover, the saucer-shaped UAP suddenly reverses its
direction, descending partially back into the cloud cover, then accelerating rapidly out of frame
and partially obscured by the cloud tops. This behavior was evasive in nature and implied that
the saucer-shaped UAP had become aware that it was under observation by a space-based collection
platform. Now, when I read that, I'm like, it's just like, I'm picturing this and, you know,
I'm kind of thinking about the movie NOPE, which was by Jordan Peele. Jordan Peele, and it's a,
you know, horror movie with like an alien vehicle that's like living and it eats people whatever.
But the common theme of that movie is like, you know, it's in a cloud. It's this white vehicle
that's like in this cloud. And as I'm like picturing it, I can almost see it as just this
giant saucer. It's like coming in and out of the clouds. And it's, you know, as we also talk about,
you know, reporting and trying to identify UAP, it seems that these things are either manipulating
or, you know, changing their kind of imagery or like how they present themselves so that
we're not aware of them or they're just trying to conceal their nature. So like this disc flying
like in the clouds because it doesn't want to be seen by a satellite, like that's kind of crazy.
That's kind of crazy. And then further, like what is the, I guess, what is the, what's the video
here? Is this like a video from the ground, from a helicopter? Yeah, from ground or a satellite
imagery. I don't know. But I think that that would be a very interesting video to get out in the
public. Now, can you tell us about the Indo-Pacific mention where ARV is mentioned, please? Yes,
yes, yes. So talking about foreign reproduction vehicles, on U.S. government networks, there
exists infrared footage of an imagery of a grouping of vessels engaged in SIGINT,
Signals Intelligence, and MASSINT, which is Measurement and Measurement Intelligence.
I believe so. Keep reading that. I know we looked this up. SIGINT and MASSINT collection at night
in a specific area of the Pacific Ocean, not naming names. In this footage, which was in
close proximity to the vessels, a large equilateral triangle UAP suddenly appears directly over the
ships. The three bright points are seen at each bottom corner of the UAP, which is observed to
slowly rotate on its horizontal axis. This rotation partially revealed a horizontal bar of
sweeping lights. Intelligence analysis associated with this event specifies that the equilateral
triangle is a reproduction vehicle and concludes that the vessels must have been made aware of
the ARV's frequent use of these coordinates due to foreign pre-positioning of advanced
collection assets at the exact time and place. After a brief period of hovering and slowly
rotating approximately 500 to 1,000 meters above the ocean, the ARV suddenly disappears and the
footage ends. Just ominous. Again, we've heard from individuals, Elizondo whistleblowers,
that there are videos and images that exist on U.S. government networks, but a lot of these
videos, especially in this case, this was taken in what we would call a denied area. This is a
intelligence surveillance platform that we have in a foreign area that we're using to collect
intelligence on our foreign adversaries and others. Releasing that publicly would be a little bit
little bit controversial. First, we have the equilateral triangle UAP, but then also potentially
we might be doxing another country's legacy program. This would be China in this instance,
based on the relative proximity, which this is one of the greatest questions. China and Russia
are our adversaries as discussed by some people like David Grush. How much success have they
made in their legacy programs? Grush has said we're in a decades-long Cold War with our adversaries.
Did they rip off a TRF 3B triangle? It's really, really interesting. I find it interesting that
the term ARB slash RV is used too. It's not just Alien Reproduction Vehicle, but also
Reproduction Vehicle. I'm happy that distinction was made because Reproduction Vehicle could just
mean a reverse engineer to make jet or something. Forgive me for speculating here on the live stream,
but what if Alien Reproduction Vehicle and Reproduction Vehicle kind of leaves out the
possibility that we have Reproduction Vehicles that we wouldn't necessarily call Alien. In the
sense of there's potentially objects that are coming extraterrestrially, which we would consider
general or traditional aliens. Or is there stuff that's coming interdimensional or within our oceans
or some coming in and out of our existence? We could call that Alien or we could call it something
else. But at the end of the day, what we're trying to copy, it's a reproduction vehicle.
I thought this instance was interesting as well due to just one sentence. So,
Southcom tic-tac detected by space asset in proximity a vessel. On USG networks, there exists
OPIR imagery of massent of a tic-tac UAP transmitting through an area of the Atlantic Ocean.
The tic-tac maneuvers had an altitude at or near local cloud coverage and correlated electromagnetic
signatures were collected by massent. In the available footage, the tic-tac UAP transits
rapidly through the field of regard as it transits the ocean. No observation reaction is seen to come
from the vessel, but its proximity in space and in time and space to the trajectory of this UAP
suggests foreknowledge of the UAP event by intelligence. So, what's interesting to me
that there is so Magnetic Constellation is just kind of accessing these intelligence databases to
collect records and so forth. So, who is the intelligence organization behind shooting this
video if they had forewarned knowledge of this UAP incursion event and thus were kind of predicting
its movements? Would this be a satellite system? I don't think it's too far of a stretch to think
some of these sightings may be conducted by NRO and NGA, gruscious positions who have
satellite systems that actually can detect and track some of these vehicles. Yeah, and just knowing
how just, I mean, I've never worked in government or military intelligence, but just briefly how
that kind of works is, I think that they're trying to get multiple signatures of the same
object. It's one thing just to get a satellite, but then also like ground sensor, camera, underwater
sensor, a second kind of corroborative source to verify if this thing is existing, it's real.
They're tracking it usually on more than one kind of instrument. And let's talk a little bit about
the morphologies, right? So, we're using a data set from 1991 to 2002. I'd just like to talk about
the morphologies just because it's so interesting. Within the irregular shapes, of course, the jelly
fish are floating brains with appendages. Where we see that one is mentioned. Yeah, exactly. And
there's also another mention in the report about, I think it's the Mexican border of a jellyfish,
which I'll talk about too, but sphere or orb. So, of course, Aero had reported on this as well,
including some old data and blue book and so forth. Spheres were the most reported shape with
variations ranging from smooth, featureless orbs to spheres with visible openings or appendages.
These objects prevalence suggests a possible standard in UAP design or function capable of
high maneuverability and speed. The diversity within the sphere category spanning from simple
polished appearances to more complex structures with appendages suggests a broad range of purposes
or technologies unique to the platform's mission and or the originator. The mention of appendages
on spheres instead of a ubiquitous smooth shape reminds me of the 2010 San Diego Sphere Siding.
Have you heard of that? I don't think so now. It's a long video. It's about a 12 minute video of a
sphere that has what you would describe as almost an antenna around the circumference. And so that
is one really interesting sighting. Disk or saucer. Saucer shaped UAPs reported with and
without domes. If you want to look that up, go to the It's Redacted YouTube channel. This was posted
a couple years ago and maybe we can hold an image up to the screen. They have the full video. Saucer
shaped UAPs reported with and without domes were the second most common shape reported. Flat saucers
were reported as well. These being disks like objects without pronounced domes. Trilateral
biconvex UAPs are also reported in the data. So I think in the Aero Historical Reporting Trends in
2022, the saucer shapes were not featured as one of the most common sightings. So I could be wrong
there, but that is a, did you see it? No, I was just making a quick note for myself. Okay, let me
pull it. I can pull it up. I'll pull it up. You, why don't you read us about oval and tic-tac and
bring up some interesting stuff there, especially because I didn't Kirk Patrick imply that the
tic-tac may have been human technology? Did Kirk Patrick say that? I don't know, maybe.
Oval or tic-tac oval shaped UAPs were infrequently reported within the data set and only after
approximately 2003, these UAPs either maintained a uniform egg-like symmetry occasionally tampered
into a teardrop shape. So cylinders with convex ends, tic-tacs fall into this category and
occasionally feature visible, visible protuberances on the top or bottom of the otherwise uniform
plan. So that'd be like the flavor incident, right? With the almost kind of features on the
bottom of the craft. So let me pull this up because this is a really, I think, oh, oh, yeah, yeah,
yeah, I've seen that photo. So this is what I think of when I hear spear and some of the appendages.
You guys may have, sorry, you may have heard of the sighting that's 2000. I can't remember the
year San Diego Sphere. The YouTube channel is long been defunct, but it's fantastic. It's redacted,
has a video on the entire, entire sighting. Will you read off the triangle description?
Oh, absolutely. Interesting point I want to touch on there.
So triangles were among the rarest UAPs reported in the data. Most of these sightings were
equilateral triangles occasionally with vertical stabilizers visible on the top of the UAP.
Along gated isosceles types were also reported, were also reported occasionally with the same
vertical stabilizers observed on the equilateral type. So the vertical stabilizers is an interesting
point. Conventional triangle designs such as the, you know, what you would call the TR3B does not
feature this. If you look at some other simple, some other similar designs like the alleged TR3A
Astra or so forth, or even that video Tom DeLonge likes to champion, it's that green
UFO video at night. One thing I noticed about that triangle is it has stabilizers on top. So
I've always tried to reference that because that sort of looks similar to like the X43 unmanned
NASA craft and so forth. So that's a, that's a pretty darn interesting. Yeah. All right.
What are you looking at now in the report? Sorry, we're kind of bouncing back and forth
between the report, but you know, I thought it, I thought it was important for all of us to talk
about it and anything that stood out to you guys just leave in the comments. Any questions,
especially just let us know about the question. Yeah, I will say just like looking at these
different types and just kind of thinking about, you know, the different reports that's kind of
being summarized in here, right? Like spheres are, you know, the most common, but they're also kind
of the smallest. And then triangles are the rarest, but they can be anywhere from an F16 to a
size of a football field. Doesn't it say 600 feet as well? Or no, 600 feet is from other
avenues of research. Never mind. Believes. Yeah. Like football field size. Yeah. Football field
and 300 feet. So up to two football feats in length. I think the distinction between equilateral
and isosceles triangle is important as well. As far as all research I've done into human made
triangles, most of them seem equilaterally shaped. There's only a handful of cases dating back to
the late 80s, early 90s and early 2000s of isosceles kind of shape triangles. Well, we also have
not just triangles, but we also have boomerang arrowhead. Think of the Phoenix lights or think
of the testimony of the man who testified at Stephen Greer's NPC, Stephen Digna, who talked
about being at a bombing range. And before he left the service due to his health and
Raytheon contractors basically facilitating a bomb, a boomerang shaped craft that was projecting
something that came onto the range. That's an interesting testimony I'd like to revisit.
Yeah. And then also just a lot of the atmospheric or kind of unique emissions and
behavior seen by a lot of these as we see loss of time, visual disturbances, feelings of unease
or anxiety, electronic device malfunction. And I think Kevin Knuth at Seoul last year gave the
best examples of electromagnetic distortion and magnetic distortion. I highly recommend checking
that out. I did watch that. That was really good. Very good. What about the organic shapes?
Because I think that is probably one of the most interesting things for many people. Yep.
Irregularly shaped UAPs, those that devise simple geometric description were among the
rarest reported sightings. Shapeshifting UAPs also appear in the dataset, typically having
a spherical or disc-like base form from which irregular geometries are seen to project.
Floating brain or jellyfish UAPs are present as well, characterized by a central mass from
which multiple arms or spars hang downward. Finally, combined shapes were also observed,
including cubes within spheres, ringed saucers, and various rectangular and cuboid forms.
The cuboid form, of course, that's interesting, calling back to Ryan Graves.
Cube within a sphere is also one of those sightings as well.
Specific mention of brain is very interesting to me specifically. The two don't really correlate,
but I often think back to the physics concept of Boltzmann brain. The idea behind a Boltzmann
brain from physicists can't remember his name Boltzmann, but it'd be far more efficient rather
than an existing universe with matter for just a basically a combination of electric
charged particles forming a brain, drifting through space, thinking of the material universe.
I just think of that for the brain shape. Yeah, and something else just to point out
that might be interesting is in terms of unique emissions, what we see with these irregular
organics is that we see a temperature drop associated with these, and we don't really see
that reported with the other morphologies, which is interesting. I'd be interested if there's
any transmedial sighting or footage of these organic shapes, if there's also a temperature drop
and temperature gradient as it may enter C or other domain, for variable temperatures.
That'd be kind of interesting to see the heat signature and how it alters over the course
of its flight. If perhaps when it moves faster, it heats up and so forth. Of course, we're not
privy to any of this information, but we got our public report on our hands. Well, I think someone
in the chat mentioned earlier, Oak Shannon. I think this is a very, very interesting kind of
little tidbit in this document here. For section five, restricted US government historical records,
there is a call out to a specific, it's a serial number that corresponds to an official NSA report
published in 1978, which people have now confirmed was included, this specific citation was included
in Oak Shannon's notes, which is very interesting. The specific notes, I'm trying to remember the
actual event I've referenced it a few times. The specific event, it may have been at Los Alamos
National Labs where Oak Shannon took notes from some detailed speakers. I referenced here when
Oak Shannon relayed information he was told about an undersea base, a USO base. So he writes about
that. He writes about connection to possible MHD propulsion physics with, I think, a 3.5 gigahertz
range. Numerous interesting notes about programs. I think he mentions Bobby Ray Inman in that.
That's just off the top of my head, but these notes are for a panel of speakers that I think was at
Los Alamos in the late 80s. Yep. And then just to add about this report as well. The substance of
the report concerns scientific research in the Soviet Union on the topics of parapsychology,
Psi, and biological effects on UAPs on human beings. Additionally, the existence of this
reporting stream demonstrates that US intelligence was explicitly tasked to collect on foreign entities
active in areas often relegated to the fringes of scientific research, including parapsychology,
and the biological effects of encounters with UAP. And this shouldn't be surprising, guys,
even people who are uncomfortable with the idea of Psi like myself, it's pretty new to them.
Let's think back to the NSWC crane project in which not only SAIC, but the Project Stargate,
which was researching the Psi phenomena from SRI and the CIA. But even in 2011 and onward,
the O&R, the Office of Naval Research, published papers on human sixth sense and human psionic
abilities, which is still extremely strange. This is why we need good smart guys like Max,
who are really well researched into some of this this Psi connection. Absolutely.
So let's go. I think we got some questions. We'll look through the chat with it. We'll look through
here. So have you or anyone you know made any inroads to getting information around the energy
source of these vehicles? Has anyone talked about plasma? Yes. I think Edgar Fouchet in the TR3B
discusses superheated plasma along with mercury. Inroads, as far as the energy source, there's
disagreements. I know really smart people who think that we haven't quite cracked zero point
systems. I think to the story of Brad Sorensen, where zero point systems are applicable. I've
heard from numerous people that electrogravity are a thing. Could you mind passing me a soda?
Yeah, I got you. I think electrogravity are possibly a thing too. Of course, there's the story
of MFD, MHD. So there's quite a bit of information around energy systems. Nothing concrete yet.
I don't know if you have heard anything else. Sorry, I was just kind of going off topic there.
Do you guys believe Grush will ever be allowed on a skiff? They've now had nearly 18 months to
hide everything. That is a good point, right? If locations are violated, then there's not
immediate actionable intelligence follow-ups that these locations will likely be cleared or
further obfuscations created. If I remember, Grush did not get in a skiff with Verchette?
I don't think he got in a skiff with them at all. Okay, yeah. I know that Burleson has at least
been privy to the op-ed by Grush. I have these conversations occurred outside of Skiff, I'm
not sure, but to me, it's pretty unacceptable. Okay, yeah. We talked about this a little bit,
but do you think Boebert's comments were purposeful in order to harm public perception on this topic?
Judi, by the way, she talked. I just think she probably carries a bit of the stigma, because
I'd like to mention, guys, before the hearings even started, the cameraman,
when people were filing in and looked at me and said, oh, this is going to go on Ancient Aliens,
right? What am I going to say to that? No, this is a serious congressional hearing. Right outside,
I had to run out, use the restroom before we started. I hear a bunch of staffers or congressmen
talking, this is what happens when you leave YouTube autoplay on for too long. If you're finding
my channel off autoplay, first of all, thanks for being here. But second of all, I mean, that's
so foolish. And that's the sort of mind and stigma that has been manufactured. And it's
understandable if you have felt that and experienced that, because that is very well
orchestrated by the CIA all the way back since 52. But many people fall victim to this.
Yeah. I mean, it's one thing just to make jokes and just being coy about it and just being like,
oh, yeah, Ancient Aliens, whatever. It's funny to joke about. But I did notice that there were
quite a few people that they talk about it as if this is... There isn't really anything there
there. And it's still kind of a conspiracy. And who are these people and what are these programs?
She treats it the same as maybe like chemtrails or other popular conspiracies like birds.
But also from her perspective, she's kind of been like one of the conspiracy theorists in
Congress. That's kind of her reputation, if you will. So, hey, I mean, roll with what you know.
But I don't think her comments were super helpful or really appreciated by people
in the UFO world that wanted sober conversation about this.
And I think a lot of the people that are going to affect change when we have
Congress people like this are going to be their staffers. There's a world of staffers that take
this very seriously who want to learn. And they want to affect change and they want to have the
information to brief. Not brief, that might be a poor word, but to inform the person they work
for and so forth. So, Magic says, have you seen Sheehan making the rounds lately? What are your
thoughts on everything he is saying? Seems worlds apart from just getting into the public site,
guys. Well, we had lunch yesterday right by Sheehan in this crazy, crazy gray hair. And
he also had like a disclosure event outside of the park right after.
There was a rally outside like a block away from the Rayburn building where the hearing happened.
And he spoke and then a couple other individuals spoke as well. Yeah.
I think for the amount of information Sheehan puts out, he needs to start supplying adequate
research, go along it, alongside of it or evidence or other people to confirm these statements.
Danny Sheehan, of course, has been very consequential as a really interesting person,
but before he continues to put forward new information, he kind of needs to figure out
ways to back up his things he said previously. Yeah. Yeah. Well, what I will say about that
with Sheehan is I think he's not a stranger to kind of fighting the government as well.
And I think part of it is he has kind of a role to play as kind of the legal person that's helping
facilitate stuff behind the scenes with certain players. But also as we see kind of with this
new Paradigm Institute, I think, you know, there's kind of a public perception or kind of awareness
intention there of just trying to get that organization set up. So I think that's kind
of why we're seeing this like interesting stuff with Sheehan, because traditionally, you know,
he's like, he's a lawyer, he's an attorney, he's kind of working on the investigative space,
but then also seeing him with like the new Paradigm Institute and that stuff as well,
it's like, okay, how do you reconcile that? Selling degrees. Yeah. Yeah. For tens of thousands of
dollars. Jimmy says, I have friends who believe it's almost definitely Chinese or Russian tech,
especially Chinese. What, if any, gives you the confirmation this is fact alien slash
NHI? Well, I think quite a few factors. One of them is the persistent existence of this phenomenon
for more than 80 years. In fact, you can even go into other stories in history, but even dating
back to the Magenta Crash in 1933, there are similarities in this phenomenon in terms of
crash shape, in terms of performance characteristics of craft. I mean, you had Nazi scientists,
Herman Oberth, studying flying saucer flight dynamics, estimating tens if not hundreds of
thousands miles per hour, these things would be flown. You can also look at the G-forces
experienced by some of these craft. It's not a ballistic missile that can handle 120 Gs. It's
not a human being that can sustain nine Gs before seeing permanent injury. I know Lou talked about
this during the hearing or was it UAPBF? We talked about G-forces experienced by the craft. Was that
the hearing? That was at the hearing. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So Lou kind of lobald that a little bit.
If you look at the work by Kevin Knuth and estimating flight characteristics of unidentified
aerial phenomenon, which is a great paper, I highly recommend everybody read this.
It analyzes the performance characteristics of not just the 2004 Nimitz, but also the 1986
Japan Airlines case and other such cases. G-forces of this, these craft can be experienced
of up to 5,000 Gs. That's very different. There's also numerous reports from under fast walkers that
NORAD and NASA and the DSP defense support program would call these craft back in the 60s, 70s,
and 80s that had a term for craft that were entering or leaving Earth's atmosphere.
These would not show classical characteristics of fuel burning rockets and traditional
prosaic technologies. These things would sometimes arrive from deep space or return to deep space.
I don't know, especially in the 60s and 70s of Chinese tech, that's playing into do that.
Yeah. Again, we're also talking about sightings that have been seen even before
modern weapons as well. How far do we really want to go with this?
I would say there is a lot of evidence to suggest that there was a phenomenon that existed well
before the Second World War and the creation of the world superpowers, all that stuff. You can try
to figure out whether or not that's alien non-human. I personally think that that seems to be the
conclusion just based off of those historical reports. I know there's a lot of researchers
that look at that pre-modern history of UFO sightings. Which is very valid.
I think your friend is right about the idea that some of these craft might be ARB of Chinese or
Russian origin. Just like many of the ARB are of United States origin. Some of our allies possibly
also have their own technology as well. I just think that many of the craft, especially when
you start looking at craft characteristics and differences in reported craft that are considered
ARB versus non-human craft, just the difference in the craft makeup. Non-human craft often described
as perfect, rivetless, seamless, no visible means of propulsion, somehow able to create,
go faster than the speed of sound and decelerate quickly without any sonic booms,
without with very minimal or no electromagnetic signatures or signatures of any kind.
The performance characteristics of these craft are not prosaic even to when people say oh well
you know military is 20 years ahead, there's you know ballistic missiles 20 years from now
are not surviving 5,000 geese of force dropping from 15,000 feet to sea level in less than two
seconds. Okay got anything about my question on getting remote viewing under mainstream
science scrutiny? Are there any efforts there from me? Yes, yes, yes, I see. Yes, and talking to
Chris from Area 52, I would really like to maybe see if we can put on some public displays
of remote viewing to maybe you know introduce the the channel to whether the efficacy or
or not not if there's nothing there. I would absolutely like to do that because this would
be something we'd all be learning together. Well they had a lot of those studies in the late 80s
and 90s and at least according to the government there was no there wasn't really a basis to
continue funding of it but then ultimately that whole program got transferred over to SAIC in 1995.
So do you believe the blue book classified version of his story where he says he saw the images this
is um this is Danny Sheehan. Yes after yeah I would say after like I think there's been some
records that have come out of the era like out of this like whole declassification process and
particularly the Air Force Blue Book documents. The symbols that he that Sheehan has like drawn out
or whatever um like. This was put in NARA recently right the National Archives. Yep yep so like he
like the depiction I think the depiction that he gave of those symbols is like dead accurate
of the symbols that are in these blue book files. Yeah I'd also like to reference it is a fact that
there were programs working alongside blue book that were not unacknowledged but not referenced
this would be project Stork out of Patel and then you can also adhere to the testimony of other
whistleblowers such as Steven Lufkin who said that he was privy to a program more classified
than blue book a more classified blue book basically where he was shown some of the Roswell
degree and so yes I think that is a really good really good question. Question how do you guys
picture disclosure personally I think Richette's whistleblower type protections won't pass but
if it does I think there has to be someone walking out of Lockheed etc. If there are pension protections
I think that could be possible that's what I have to say. Yep I think that specific language of it
is they're going to give whistleblower protections to any whistleblower that has knowledge of
basically taxpayer funds that are being used so I think the first inquiry right is like government
funds taxpayer money that's being spent on this and I think that that's good I hope that those
protections pass um but then I think the second part right and this is it goes back to kind of
the theory of like how does this get funded well if the government's not writing a black check to
Lockheed Martin are they taking money from investors potentially and then like how aware of those
investors in those types of programs and that's a question that's really kind of the messier
legal questions that open up from that questions like that you have been talking about and thinking
about quite a bit the last couple of days I've talked with a lot of people about it it's very
interesting okay Eric says uh any comments on how put off you brought Lew into the program and many
others he met with H teller and worked on graph control best candidate for involvement in legacy
program I am oh I am really eagerly awaiting his appearance in the program he needs to get subpoena
yeah he needs to get subpoena too but I think he'd be uh I think he'd be a agreeable witness
because there's hostile witnesses there's non agreeable witnesses and there's agreeable witnesses
he should be encouraged to attend the hearing and a closed yeah senate section okay lou said this
okay you're talking about lou in the cold war same as grush um do you believe that UAP are alive
as Luna said a theory I've seen in the genre for a while well as we talked about in the
immaculate constellation report the idea of biological crap would then um would then kind
of encourage that I think it's quite possible you know we talk about this all the time I don't
think UAP and non-human intelligence is mutually exclusive or is is really siloed if there's one
non-human intelligence here it opens the door for numerous types of non-human intelligence
all with different capabilities and um basically propulsion systems and methods of travel and
methods of communication and methods of detailing their presence are all quite possible yeah I will
say the movie nope Jordan Peele great movie scary but I can definitely see that happening
after the specific mention of brain in the uh IC report it's it's very very very startling to me
okay oh okay this is a good one for us max can you speculate on the origin of the sphere that
was located underneath NSWC for anybody that doesn't know um the program Kermit and I worked on
together was um the off-world technologies division yep experienced by Green Beret 18 Bravo weapon
sergeant RA uh witness RA who in the early 2010s was sent to RA for an advanced weapons trading
course and here he and one other person because of their high clearance levels and because of
some of their accomplishments level five of sphere um you know deployments and so forth were
basically taken underground by a contractor seen some interesting Russian ballistics and
some interesting weaponry as an 18 Bravo weapon sergeant you have to do proficient with all
forms of small arms fire and then they're brought into a place deep underground um the air was
described as very damp stale cold by RA into an off-world technologies division here the contractor
who we both highly suspect as SAIC show two pieces of technology one and almost tablet device that
seemed to be projecting writing uh RA did not know if this was in his head or actually physically
like a holographic projection of writing and this piece was said to have been recovered uh during
being recovered and was considered a weapon due to an electric or an energetic discharge during
recovery the other piece was a sphere about the size of a baseball with a small indent at the top
this was described as metallic but very smooth and almost shimmering like oil on water
RA was told that this specific piece of technology somehow interacted with consciousness as far as
the origins of this I've talked to max the person asking the question and Kermit here about another
individual Navy connect Navy connected who likely interacted with the same technology a couple
decades prior so if that's the case the Navy might have had an active program uh with this piece for
weird kind of the size stuff we were talking about the origins if it's housed alongside that gauntlet
tablet type thing that is considered weapons technology one has to assume that this was also
a piece of technology recovered from a crash retrieval absolutely and I also think just the
nature of the crash retrievals themselves and we kind of see this in other reports here and there is
as these things are taken in right as we're retrieving these craft were then trying to
you know piece off these different areas of like okay Lockheed figure out how the craft work SAIC
figure out how this orb works right north figure out how this engine works right and just trying
to piece these different areas and giving these technologies transferred over to private industry
to try to see if they can figure out how this shit works you know I at least don't know the origin
but I can with confidence say that this was taken off of a crash retrieval where when are there
multiple no idea absolutely no idea the witness I've spoken to that encountered this was on the
other side of the country the California to be exact so was this program shelved that the
Navy used with this and then this is just housed for further analysis and I would like to harken
back to Harold Malmgren who spoke about being briefed in the 1960s about an other world technologies
division yep very close yep do you guys feel like any of these quote-unquote UFOs can be top secret
government weapons absolutely alien reproduction vehicle absolutely absolutely it's just I mean
UFO is an unidentified flying object you see like an experimental aircraft you don't know what the
hell it is you're going to think it's a UFO right but it could just be something like a you know new
drone or you know the new self-claim whatever so yeah what do you say we'll go for 10 more minutes
answering questions yeah all right guys we'll keep going for some questions for a few more minutes and
then we'll uh okay we answered that about how put off Eric sorry if we're getting to the question
slow guys I just think you know I'm glad Kermit feels the same way everyone's taking their time
to ask questions so really appreciate it y'all yeah and these are I told you Kermit everybody
ask the best questions here okay with the admission that yes USG has a crash retrieval in reverse
engineering program for UAP this validates claims of Herrera and Weigand is there a lawsuit in the
works reparations I think their cases are you know far more kind of uh I guess Michael's case
doesn't relegate to that as much because remember Michael's case talks about seeing an alien
reproduction vehicle this specifically octagonal shaped I'm still trying to track down the manufacturer
for that Greer thinks it's locky but has proposed no evidence but Weigand his story is one of those
more classic crash retrievals and with some of the comments in the IC report about you know
psychological effects and then the probability that was a DOE nest team you know you kind of have
to analyze that with a more credible with a different lens and you do with Michael now with
the testimony of ARV I just am waiting to see a dang report of a octagonal ARV please yeah okay let me
okay okay talking about the oak shane and serial numbers
what do you think it will take for mainstream scientific analysis to start looking into remote
viewing and either confirm or debunk it for good that's a good question I and I have to assume
academia approaching UAP and how they approach UAP is likely the same approach they take to
promote viewing I cannot think of a reason why the subject should not be studied seriously
especially when the Navy studies yeah this might seem like a very random call out but I'm I'm now
remembering there's a 60 minutes documentary that happened that looked at basically there's a scientific
study that was done where they were trying to prove precognition where individuals were like
shown as a set of numbers or something and they basically had to predict what the next number
and the sequence was going to be like before they even saw it and what they determined from that
is that it seemed that there was some type of correlation between you know we what we call
a sixth sense or something that's like you know exists in our mind but there was there was a very
real trend where like these individuals could like use this precognitive ability so I feel like
stuff like that and just kind of getting those types of reports and just getting the awareness out
and then you know trying to come up with ways kind of similar to that study I know it's kind of like
weirdly specific and it's just off the dome but I think things like that will kind of help us try to
figure that out it's strange to me that kind of the fallback is oh the CIA did a study in the 80s
and their Stargate and nothing came from it yeah it's not a reason not to study the subject no
okay thoughts on the skinny bob video I think I get to ask this every time I have I have no
thoughts about it I I have never once studied it at least from a first glance it looks to be a
little a little too smooth for for realness what do you say Kermit but I have not studied it at all
yeah I I don't I don't um I don't have an opinion on any videos that claim to depict biologics
or non-human intelligence so question and of course like you know if the politics are pertinent
to UAP of course we'll talk about it not to be political but don't you worry that people like
bobert and trump might lessen the credibility of the top rick half the country doesn't take him
seriously that that is something I think we talked about that if trump really pushed disclosure
would that kind of be used as a talking point to discredit disclosure because so many people find
trump in the kind of poor taste it raises a good question uh bobert as well as we kind of saw with
the the hearing um wrong attitude in my opinion yeah I will say I had an interesting conversation
with some staffers on the democrat side they kind of brought up the same point too of just like hey
you know particularly in the hearing yesterday a lot of the representatives in that were republican
and I think as we think about the next four years and trumping president and all those new
cabinet positions and whatnot um you know I think we'll we'll start to see some more answers but
again I think to your point right when bobert and trump talk about this I think people particularly
on the other side kind of see it a certain way and they'll just kind of check out and be like oh
trump's a crazy person and this just confirms my own opinion um I do think he could be a good asset
it's just it's really coming down to the communication it's tough to navigate now just with so much
distrust in any administration really yeah yeah so you know we'll see it it's a great question and
if it's yeah go ahead we should talk about trump's uncle because uh that's something that I love to
bring up when people get political about this so donald trump's uncle was john trump who was a
mit professor who was he worked for the radiation laboratory at lincoln lab and he was like one of
the early founders of radar and in 1943 when tesla died john trump was called in by the united states
to basically document all of tesla's patents and make sure that none of them were dangerous so
I don't want to get too speculative I don't want to say that john trump was part of legacy program
but of all the people with all the relevant experience I think his uncle would have been
someone that would have known something that's a great point so so what is uh kms what is your
opinion on gold's testimony if you consider begging for money a testimony I think it's disappointing
he was not asked about material transfer between all sap uh bigelow aerospace and lock emart yeah I
agree I it honestly it's like that was that's what I was expecting and ultimately it's like maybe
you know maybe gold wasn't really involved with that and maybe you know they had conversations
prior and they're like I can't really talk about it because I just don't really know anything but
the fact they didn't even ask the question to begin with just like the public can know about that
because like we the public were aware of all sap we're aware of bigelow and all this stuff
why didn't you ask the question at all yeah that was weird the smell test gold was a really nice
well-to-do meaning guy but nasa has been caught lying about UFOs before so then be the most
transparent agency he's ever worked for you know I I'd uh I'd have to agree with that so so Juan
again thank you sir even the hoc are aware aware carl nel is uh first hand yeah an army futures
command and deputy cto of north of bromance that's a guy who should have testified yep yep what uh
what do you make of the idea that nh i may be a component of preventing disclosure I wouldn't
be surprised but I I don't have too much of a thesis there I do like to think back to David
grush talking about agreements with uh with nh i yeah and if there's I mean if there's positive
and negative nh i and you know we can't really figure out what they want to do here it wouldn't
be hard to assume that there's nh i that don't really agree with yeah right from an outside
perspective it's always really difficult for me to attribute uh human motivation to non-human
intelligence yeah are we okay are we heading towards what Reagan spoke of or humanity unites
to fight an outside force listen I think Reagan put plenty of defenses uh plenty of money into
those defenses under the sdi star wars program we had some really good stuff and yeah I think
there's a lot of funds that were given to other programs and used for for uap stuff yeah but I
think kind of coming back to the threat narrative here I think there's there's been some discussion
around that a little bit it just like you know what these things are and how this is going to be
presented to the public I know Reagan's comments were really about like you know what happens if
an alien threat gets revealed and then like the public you know the world would just unite all
around together yeah I don't really feel like this this is going to happen with this situation I
think that I think disclosure the way it's playing out is is being done in a way that like ensures
like national sovereignty instead of like you know this being like oh shit they're showing up and we
have five years to prepare a type thing like something like from a movie um so yeah it it's
kind of interesting but I don't I don't think it's going to be like this big international
like new world order yeah you know I think really it's just people trying to get to the bottom of
it and a lot of people I think use that to push the um star or blue beam blue beam theory oh yeah
blue beam okay question from truth sauce the video you did about mark mcandellish was awesome
thank you sir any further discussions on uh with the living friend that threatened you
yes and he threatened me again and I found other people who he's threatened as well
so maybe he needs to be summoned as a hostile witness maybe he needs to be summoned okay
awakening to reality what's up man jonathan thank you for joining looking for the uh looking for the
cues okay yes match part just talked about this remember all four of technologies is mentioned
by herald malmgren in relation to richard the cell I think he specifically said other world
technologies but still and he was uh the cell was cia director as well yep yep okay okay so
long ago when we got claims that people from greerstein the pentagon and co have been opting
funds illegally and estimated two trillion were unaccounted for how can congress get accounts
and tell them about you trying to talk to kathryn austin fits yeah so I mean I reached out to kathryn
a handful of times uh when I was writing my like recent report on the legal financial framework a
lot of the stuff that I kind of pulled and talked about really comes from her salari missing money
dot com website uh very I mean just treasure trove of information about financial covert
operations and stuff like that highly encourage y'all to check that out if you're interested in that
um but now no response from her unfortunately but this estimated two trillion dollars unaccounted
for that still exists um because a lot of people are really aware of this but the department of
defense is now being required to basically go through full independent audits of itself which
it's never really had to do that in its history before up until actually 2017 interesting date um
so and what's interesting is just in the past six and seven years of pentagon audits if you look at
just the money and just kind of the remediations that they've made it is it is a black hole that is
trillions of dollars worth and it's not going away and fits all not gone away fits said it's
not just do d but housing and urban development it's a lot of other agencies yep it was she
I think from her account she saw cumulative four trillion dollars move from department of defense
and department of uh housing and urban hud sorry hud and do d four trillion cumulative in that one
year that she was so this is just an interesting thing while we scroll down get to the rest of
the questions none of these guys were whistleblowers um yeah I agree with that in the sense that we
talked about earlier that uh we're both familiar with accounts where people who are planning to
testify have been threatened up to the day of not to and uncertain congressman being a little bit
surprised or expecting kind of mercy or more firsthand people to uh to uh go for okay hey
here's one especially for you kermit have you guys come across the work of trevor james constable
he talked about sky creatures back in 77 and says the movie nope has similarities to his work
I personally haven't but I I'd love to kind of check that out now I also found the movie pretty
interesting I'm gonna have to put that in my notes so thank you for the reference thank you pun
shrink I appreciate I appreciate that a lot for james constable okay sorry we'll look through
more questions um hey thank you john s you rock as well sky creatures so cool uh let's see okay
okay let's see uh so yeah michael made those kind of claims and I I still don't know if there's
any veracity to them um and so forth so weighing boss uh thank you so much for the five bucks why
were no ad runs or ads run against uap caucus members deliberately so is the topic that obscure
I think the topic is that obscure like is this is this saying like during their like when they
were seeking election maybe for uap caucus maybe maybe in the sense of like why are there no
inflammatory posts against guys like lester or uh some of the guys really trying to talk to
staffers and so forth okay got you um I think it's just obscure yeah I will say like the
the congressional hearings were very well attended but I will say you could probably guess who a
majority of the people were there just based off of who talks a lot on twitter and reddit
but yeah anybody asking about brad brad has given me nothing but yep like yelling at me and all
caps are giving me death threats so leslie gain thought it was disturbing but also had a laugh
with me about it so if you can divulge who are the most interesting people you connected with
at dc it's been a good way to meet movers and shakers the most interesting person not at liberty
to kind of uh talk about that but some of the interesting people uh talking with lou talking
with gallaudet every second okay I made a list of people I talked to so let me go through okay
so lester nair jesse michael's chris from area 52 amar from yes theory tim gallaudet jeremy
corbell michael gold lou elezano james foch merrick von reinenkamp timber chet eric burleson
nancy mace danie sheehan michael schellenberger missleman jack awesome twitter account matt
ford matthew pines leslie cane um and probably a couple more and I got to talk to all these people
yeah right the conversations it we had like a 15 hour day yesterday yeah it was like I mean
started at 7am and then we got back to the hotel at like 10 we were so pooped we were walking back
from the place in which uapdf was held back to our hotel and I think both of us were just kind of
having like a a really surreal experience absolutely I mean yesterday was oh probably one of the most
consequential days I've ever had and true honor I mean we're just we're just two two guys and
we get to uh I'm really proud of the community for kind of stop uh not being so much of a closed
door community and I'm seeing a lot of people Democrats Republicans uh smart lawyers like
Ivan a lot of these people kind of communicating and talking yeah it's a lot of people working
together and it's it's it's very humbling to see it and it's it's very exciting because it's it's a
lot of people that have good motivations and they're inquisitive and they just want the truth
you know and it's everyone's on the same team um so oh what if we're what if we're a science
experiment or perhaps our existence hinges on us not knowing we're an experiment maybe that's why
they don't want to disclose that's quite possible I mean there are reports even
outside of Bob Lazar of the human genome being tampered with or humans being and I don't want to
count in Zachariah's Sitchin and the the Sumerians because I think there's uh some problems with
those translations but it's a very valid theory yeah I mean Lude talks about in his book he equates
humanity to the 800 pound gorilla in the exhibit right when we steal the tranquilizer gun and then
what happens when we uh knock on the zookeeper's door good question Viagra 500 milligrams I get a
chance to watch NAPS new documentary we had an awkward episode with Michael um no I I have not
seen that yet I that's investigating alien and I will watch it at some point I just I haven't seen
anything besides the trailer uh is that what's this new Dan Farah docus that's being overhyped I
don't know I don't know the do you know anything about the documentary because I've been asked
like multiple times is this person that you talk to in the documentary I'm mostly no what is the
documentary yeah I I don't know too much about it I know it's been kind of talked about in tandem
with Fox's production the program um to my knowledge this Farah films doc is going to feature
like 30 different high level witnesses um 30 30 and the mostly government military I hope so
but I find that I find that tough to however I don't think there's been any communications about
if that documentary has finished what the state of it is and whether or not it's going to be
published I think people I think the rumor was it was supposed to be published before the election
and then it was after the election and then like even still it's just it there's no date on the
calendar yet for it but it it exists it's real and the people that are in the film uh that we
got to shake hands with they talked about it with us they're like yes this is like the Farah film I
was in this whatever um and I think I think even um Michael gold even Michael during the hearing is
like I'm going to talk about it in this uh this documentary that's coming I'm like okay cool like
we need to see that now so who is Dan Farah that's a good question because I like a documentary
I have no idea I look this up thoughts on project gravitar the new models are doc so I got to talk
at length to Chris from area 52 who just got on Luigi from project gravitar Chris got me really
excited um did did you talk to him at all about gravitar um I no and I told him straight up the
reason I don't really talk about Bob Lazarus because I'm so biased towards Bob that it's difficult
for me to talk about it but he he got me hyped what do you see about Dan uh Dan's a documentary
filmmaker but he also produced movies uh notably ready player one which was okay
movie that aired in theaters 2018 that was one of the movies of all time yeah so as uh I've heard
that another hearing is happening on the 18th or whatever the next hearing is may you do I think
this is more a Senate hearing on arrows specifically so don't get your hopes up about that that's
going to be probably pretty dry it will be interesting to see how Kosolowski discusses kind
of the the arrows kind of operations you can comparing that back to how Kirk Patrick's made
those statements will answer five more and then and then we'll wrap up truth so I hated the comment
about some guy in a Winnebago the same thing happening now happens in the 40s 50s including the
52 flap uh who said who said that I that was uh that was the comment about like the credibility
of the witnesses like you guys aren't all just bunch of people living in a Winnebago that was
that was the comment oh to make fun of people going like to see craft outside of area 51
all the guys would get into something like something like that maybe I thought it was in
the context of like they were at like one of the representatives asked Elizondo like what his um
what his career kind of wasn't like what his experience was and it was like the point of like
okay you're not just like some crackpot in Winnebago okay well yeah needs to stop getting
names thrown around like crackpot ancient aliens or youtube being left on the stick but just needs
to stop yeah like Jimmy says thoughts on the document from Sarbakar on Oppenheimer von Neumann
being involved with crash retrievals I've covered Sarbakar very often and I think he's an extremely
credible individual you're pretty familiar with Sarbakar too right ish okay yeah I I would I put
a lot of I yeah but I am not surprised there especially because he's mentioned him at other
times as well uh let's see truth sauce did that bother you shouldn't these congress people be
more well informed for the same nuclear base incursions okay I understand your your comment
now in this context yes of course that bothers me I hate the name calling the throwing around
there's rude snide comments I hear outside and it's just what we do it Kermit just talked about
the byproduct of the stigma being so darn successful yeah uh okay let's uh let's go through uh see
awakening see a man Winnebago catching strays uh okay we'll do this one and then one more question
if one pops up while we're talking what are your thoughts on abductions uh this is still a difficult
question I love the work of John Mack uh it's difficult for me to connect abductions to what
I'd say my bread and butter is which is crash retrieval reverse engineering and witness testimony
analysis so uh the abductions are fascinating then there's a lot of witnesses under a career
that talk about human abductions for my lab purposes and so forth one witness in specific
10 8 9 2 and his witness log uh I need to do more due diligence and read more of John Mack's book
because I'm not closed off to the idea I'm just ill informed yeah I'm kind of in the same boat I mean
again my my bread and butter is the excel file that is the classified balance sheet and trying to see
that um but in terms of abductions like my thoughts of it is like you know kind of backed with Mack is
like Mack's kind of uh thesis of it is like you know these people are you know genuine they have
these experiences and they're telling like an accurate genuine account of their experience
now is that something that's happening physically like are they being physically taking from the
space and put into a spaceship or is this happening like within their mind of like they're
having this like experience within consciousness so they don't really understand but in their
brain they think it's like an abduction event you know it could be something like both but what I
will say is I'm kind of a you know I come from a Catholic background so I do fundamentally believe
in things like you know possession demonic possession things like that and I think that
there is a little bit of tie-in between those two things I wouldn't be surprised okay we got uh
three two more and we'll go through it or truth sauce three more we talked about we talked about
the new netflix series I haven't seen it have you seen uh investigation alien no but I'm watching
it this weekend okay perfect perfect uh damply dude says do you think uh do you think about UFOs
and aliens make them aware of you I think it's quite possible in any scenario the longer you
stare into the void the more it stares back that's one of the best realms of cosmic horror so I think
it's it's uh quite possible I've been told by some uh close friends you know not necessarily
experiencers but just like the the hitchhiker effect it will now be in play once you get
yeah closer but we have unfortunately we have not seen an orb in the hotel room no no yeah
I would like to see an orb in the hotel room that's kind of my that's kind of my thoughts on that
but yeah I've had nothing weird besides death threats to be honest troll mama thank you so much
I really appreciate you thank you very much uh thank you so much last question we'll get to
or I guess more of a comment and I will see if we have one more if UFOs are real we find out
craze are real the boom abductions are real simple as that I can't argue with it um shows the TR3b
while you're at it too all right please all right guys with that we'll wrap up tonight uh I hope
everybody enjoyed having Kermit on I'd certainly love to have him on more so show some love and uh
in the comments if you guys want to see him again and um you know if there's more hearings like
she hand said coming up we will be there and I'll get this dude in the the media room with me but
thank you guys so much for joining and uh expect the new video within the next week and then Kermit
and I will be covering the soul show so thanks guys thanks everybody let me hit end
