Before the first soldier sets foot on the battlefield,
before the first recon flight takes off, SAIC is there.
Helping the Army and Air Force transform opportunities into solutions for diverse missions,
from mission command capabilities to enterprise IT systems,
and modeling, simulation and training.
We work side by side with our customers to develop field and sustain critical capabilities
for our nation's soldiers and airmen.
SAIC focused on mission success.
Well, that's one of those big Pentagon contractors.
Those of us who believe there is UFO information and craft and materials stashed,
suspect that SAIC would be one of the likely candidates to get that stuff.
It's right in the heart of the larger conspiracy lore.
In fact, I think that was the testimony.
This is an alien reproduction vehicle, and just to be clear,
this means that it is based on advanced anti-gravity and zero-point energy propulsion systems.
Those are the propulsion systems.
They are being manufactured by a consortium of companies that include Lockheed Martin,
Northrop, SAIC and other corporations.
James Defense Weekly, the popular military defense publication,
published an article about SAIC,
and there's a post script to the article that anyone who believes in the science of anti-gravity
to be too arcane, too esoteric,
even for the U.S. Air Force should consider the Electric Propulsion Study
undertaken by SAIC for the Astronautics Laboratory, which is now part of the Phillips Lab.
The study's primary objective was to outline physical methods
to test theories of inductive coupling between electromagnetic and gravitational forces
to determine the feasibility of such methods as they apply to space propulsion,
and in simplified terms, an anti-gravity propulsion system.
It remains for some the ultimate quantum leap.
On this channel, I have discussed numerous DOD contractors
and federally funded research and development centers
with strong ties and paper trails to UFO crash retrieval and reverse engineering programs.
After all, the research conducted by myself and scores of other researchers over the decades
have on countless occasions directly accused the U.S. Department of Defense
and Intelligence community of working in tandem with defense contractors,
FFRDCs and UARCs to reverse engineer exotic technologies of unknown origin,
protected by special access and unacknowledged special access programs.
Overall, you know, the government has been the custodian of a lot of this, right,
and they'll hand recede it out to a clear defense contractor to do some analysis,
which I find highly unethical.
You have basically a sole-source arrangement,
and you allow certain private corporate elements to look at this, develop a potential insight,
and then sell it back to the government for profit,
and I think that's totally unethical.
Whether this be Northrop Grumman in tales of legacy programs
under the Tejon radar site under Antelope Valley,
Lockheed Martin and accusations of constructing the TR-3B reverse-engineered alien reproduction vehicle,
Battelle Memorial Institute and declassified studies of shape-memory alloys
possibly originating from the 1947 Roswell, New Mexico crash
or the Aerospace Corporation and MITRE Corporation,
both founded between 1959 to 1960,
allegedly to exploit technologies of unknown origin.
Much of our work on this channel is spent analyzing the private or semi-private sectors.
Today, I want to dive back into the corporate world
to cover an enormous DOD contractor and defense and technology corporation
that I believe may in fact be even more intimately entwined
with UFO legacy program operations and security
over any other American defense contractor,
Science Applications International Corporation.
Many viewing this video will recognize SAIC
as we will call it from here on out as a usual, tricky customer of this channel.
No longer a piece of lost media.
Back on 17 July 2024, long before his excellent interview on Jesse Michaels,
I relayed the testimony of former US Army Green Beret Randy Anderson
and accused SAIC as the contractor running the Off-World Technologies division
beneath the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane in Indiana.
Today, I'm happy to announce I will be re-releasing that investigation
and while I highly recommend viewing that research in its entirety,
the first time Randy spoke publicly about his encounter,
we will cover his story again today in brief or detail.
The trail of SAIC and UFO legacy programs is not as clear cut and glamorous
as any contractor or FFRDC we have covered before on this channel.
But by studying SAIC, I strongly believe we gain invaluable insights
into UFO legacy program funding, infrastructure, modus operandi, secrecy, and more.
So for this investigation, we will break up our research into five main areas of study,
black-budget moneys, legacy program gatekeeping,
sigh research, technologies of unknown origin, and material slash craft housing.
At the end of this investigation, we should be able to make sense of some interesting questions
such as, what should we make of Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick's former position
as senior research scientist for SAIC in 2000 pre-Aero?
What can we learn from former SAIC employee Denise McKinsey
who discussed obfuscation of funds on enormous defense contracts?
Why has SAIC historically conducted endless advanced propulsion and human psychic research?
And does SAIC really run divisions storing non-human artifacts
below some of the United States premier weapon centers?
And their involvement in UFO legacy program operations,
often called the NSA West, I believe SAIC and their decades of cutting edge,
compartmentalized science and technology contracts
as well as intimate ties with senior DOD and intelligence community personnel,
highlight a contractor entrenched in UFO legacy programs at the highest level.
SAIC is a bit of a black box.
Much of what it does is proprietary or even top secret.
So it's hard to tell whether what SAIC provides is necessary and effective.
To understand SAIC and its corporate structure
that lends perfectly to an institution entwined with U.S. Department of Defense
and intelligence community deep sixth black budget special access programs,
we must first step back and analyze the history of SAIC.
Science applications was born in 1969 from Dr. J. Robert Baster.
Baster served in the U.S. Navy during World War II
before earning his PhD in nuclear physics in 1950.
The doctor's skills were immediately put to work
for the Westinghouse Atomic Power Division on the nuclear submarine program.
Baster would then join Los Alamos National Labs
as a research physicist before joining General Atomics
as the chair of the accelerator physics department.
Quote, I was not the brilliant flash of inspiration type of entrepreneur
and quote Baster would state,
rather he was more of a quote unquote persistent builder type.
Come 3 February 1969, Baster would start SAIC
immediately stacking the company with General Atomic Scientist
and created one of the first employee owned companies
He made it a priority to ensure that every employee owned a part of the new company
even using employee ownership as recruitment and retention tool.
Staff were expected to perform superior scientific and technical work
while also playing a key role in the management and direction of the company.
SAIC's internal stock ownership program
which promised to make government officials rich after they left public service
allowed Baster to immediately pack the payroll with specialist and subject matter experts
but also with generals, diplomats, spies and cabinet officers
SAIC's board and high level workforce was
from the company's inception staffed with high level military
and intelligence personnel with unprecedented access
to lucrative contracts and special access programs.
Quote, they had better access to the Pentagon
than the government's own attorneys, end quote.
Some of these acquisitions included the illustrious Bobby Ray Inman
Navy Admiral, NSA Director and CIA Deputy Director
John M. Deutsch, Under Secretary of Defense
under President Jimmy Carter and CIA Director
under President Bill Clinton
Rear Admiral William F. Raybourne
who headed development of the Polaris submarine program
and many many many more personnel
We will address all of these figures and more
such as Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick in our SAIC gatekeepers section.
Indeed SAIC's ventures were so successful out of the gate
Baster's very first government contracts came from the Defense Atomic Support Agency
where the company was tasked with calculating the output of nuclear devices
By the mid-2000s SAIC achieved unrivaled success
in government science and technology contracting
specializing as Vanity Fair once said in 2007 as a quote
Body shop in the brain business
It sells human beings who have a particular expertise
Expertise about weapons, about homeland security
about surveillance, about computer systems
about information dominance and information warfare, end quote.
By 2007 SAIC and its two major offices in San Diego, California
and Washington DC ballooned to the size of an entire government agency
featuring a workforce of over 44,000
larger than the manpower of the departments of labor, energy
and housing and urban development combined at that time
Current day outside of their major offices
SAIC maintains countless locations across the continental United States
many of which are near U.S. military installations
or RDT&E facilities
such as the Naval Surface Warfare Center Crane, Indiana
Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada
China Lake Naval Air Station, California
Sandia National Labs, New Mexico
and Crystal City, Virginia
Similar to Northrop Grumman and their acquisition of contractors
such as TRW and Teledyne Ryan
and connections to federally funded research and development centers
such as the Aerospace Corporation
SAIC exhibits a similar, intriguing history of acquisitions, mergers
associations, etc.
One such corporation, allegedly spun from SAIC
is DSAI Decision Science Applications Inc.
founded in Virginia on 4 January 1977
DSAI operated as an employee-owned quote
technical services company with expertise in military command and control systems
commercial information management systems
software development, electrical engineering
telecommunications and physics, end quote
According to some previous whistleblowers
such as the controversial Colonel Steve Wilson
DSAI and SAIC were one in the same
with DSAI featuring a board consisting of the directors
of relevant UFO Black Budget divisions
including IBM, Lockheed, Teledyne Ryan
Aerojet Electro Systems, etc.
Wilson would also claim Bobby Ray Inman
a reoccurring figure on this channel
and member of the board of directors of SAIC
also ran DSAI
To learn more about Wilson
I do recommend checking out my video on Northrop Grumman
and UFO Legacy Program Operations
I will not waste much time here
by reviewing his whistleblower claims again
Let's still briefly mention a handful of Wilson's claims
and why he is relevant to today's project
Wilson would disclose to Dr. Richard Boylan
a UFO researcher with many publications
I approach with skepticism that he, Wilson
was not only stationed at Area 51 S4
where reverse engineered anti-gravity vehicles were tested
but that he also spearheaded Project Pounce
an elite Air Force National Reconnaissance Organization
Special Forces Unit which retrieved downed UFOs
with elements of JSOC, specifically Delta Force
Project Pounce can be observed in the disputed
Majestic-12 Project Aquarius document
and, oddly enough, the 1953 Robertson Panel Report
Remember, the Robertson Panel served as a debunking panel
to reduce public concern regarding UFOs
Wilson would claim the first successful flight
of man-made anti-gravity alien reproduction vehicles
had occurred on 18 July 1971
which saw Admiral Bobby Ray Inman present for the test
Inman, still at the Navy at this time
would go on to serve as the director of the NSA
deputy director of the CIA
vice director of the DIA
director of Naval Intelligence
and board member of SAIC in the 1980s
Wilson's disclosures are indeed intriguing
but should of course be taken with some skepticism
therefore I do recommend also reading a more skeptical take
on Wilson written by Kevin Randall
But relevant to our discussion is Wilson's map of Star Wars City
an illustration depicting UFO legacy program operations
conducted covertly within the Strategic Defense Initiative
also known as SDI created in 1983 under President Ronald Reagan
This SDI program will be discussed again in our project
in much greater detail so please hang tight
Within this chart are numerous institutions
one might expect to be associated with
UFO retrieval and exploitation programs
the NRO, the National Security Council
the National Security Agency
CIA, NORAD and Majestic 12
Adhering to the SDI Colorado HQ and Magi
there exists a list of contractors alleged to engage with the UFO portfolio
alongside the 1010 Special Security Squadron
which quote provides a high level of protection to NORAD, US Spacecom
and AF Spacecom resources located at the mountain
Contractors such as Rockwell, Martin Marietta, Lockheed, Boeing, McDonnell Douglas and IBM are mentioned
Wilson would state one contractor paramount to the SDI UFO programs
was Decision Science Applications, Inc.
But here is where things get really interesting
We don't have concrete evidence
DSAI was spawned from SAIC though it is likely
However, we can analyze the evolution of DSAI
I would like to thank Reddit user StillChillTrill for this incredible work
His account is now deleted but I will still link to his excellent posts
In 1998, DSAI executed a merger into a company called DSA Acquisitions, Inc.
that was then purchased by Stephen Myers & Associates for almost $31 million in cash and stock
By 21 August of that year, Stephen Myers & Associates finalized their acquisition of DSAI-DSA
Stephen Myers & Associates eventually acquired Emergent Information Technologies, Inc.
and SMNA changed its name to Emergent Information Technologies
On 6 December 2001, Emergent Information Technologies
sold its Virginia-based government services group to L3 Communications
L3 Harris, formerly known as L3 Communications, is another defense contractor
that has both worked alongside SAIC for enormous defense contracts
and is a contractor I have been informed works directly in UFO legacy program operations
But to fully complete this circle, in July of 2012
a part of L3 Communications aka L3 Harris spun off into its own publicly traded company called Angility
In 2018, SAIC purchased Angility for $2.5 billion
So regardless of if DSAI was spawned from SAIC
eventually, DSAI assets made their way to SAIC
and another defense contractor highly likely involved in UFO legacy operations, L3 Harris
But if that wasn't already difficult enough to track
incredibly convoluted corporate structures are commonplace with SAIC
On 27 September 2013, SAIC created a $4 billion spin-off
retaining the name SAIC while transforming its name to LATOS
The primary reason for this spin-off was quote
conflicts of interest provisions in the Federal Acquisition Regulation
which prevented the company from bidding on some new contracts because of existing contracts
end quote
So essentially SAIC had so many contracts and was so big
it had to split up to gain more
So just to point out, when I refer to SAIC
I am referring to both SAIC and LATOS
but this gets even more interesting
On 16 August 2016, LATOS merged with Lockheed Martin Information Systems
and Global Solutions that saw LATOS acquire this Lockheed division for $5 billion
And in an additional interesting event
on 30 November 2017, Lockheed Martin Services Inc. changed their name to LATOS Government Services Inc.
After the creation of LATOS, SAIC announced acquisition of Skeetor Holdings
a defense and space manufacturing contractor with specific expertise in intelligence
for $790 million
This purchase was completed in an all-caste transaction
and retained the majority of original Skeetor employees
According to a 2008 book, Spies for Intelligence by Tim Shorok
Skeetor was a critical contractor for the CIA's Directorate of Science and Technology
for Satellite Signals Intelligence and Electronic Intelligence
The CIA Directorate of Science and Technology, or DS&T, is a commonplace subject on this channel
serving as a legacy UFO program office that in 2002 spawned the CIA Office of Global Access
Excellent journalist Chris Sharp, myself, and others have accused the Office of Global Access, or OGA
as participating in foreign UFO crash retrieval operations
I have additionally, when discussing U.S. Navy, UFO, foreign material, acquisition, and exploitation programs
discussed the CIA, DS&T, alongside the NRO, Nuro, SOCOM, Department of Energy, and more
operating worldwide under-sea UFO retrieval operations
I have quite a few projects to learn more about the CIA, DS&T
so go check out any of these projects in the video description
Perhaps SAIC took note of Skeetor for their expertise in MASSINT, or Measurement and Signals Intelligence
a highly classified form of intelligence, quote
that uses infrared heat imaging, acoustic signatures, seismic data, and other information
picked up by air and ground sensors to sniff out for weapons tests and other activities
that other countries want to hide from the United States, end quote
MASSINT collection is primarily managed by the DIA and used extensively by the CIA
In 2005, Skeetor held a national symposium on MASSINT signature technology with contractors involved such as BAE Systems and, of course, SAIC
After all, according to spies for hire, quote, Skeetor may be unknown, but it is definitely not a small player, end quote
Also consider me curious and possibly suspicious that Skeetor's old building in Chant Till, Virginia, 14660 Lee Road, to be specific
resides in the same corporate park with SAIC, the Aerospace Corporation, an FFRDC I have accused directly as having decades of UFO program involvement
and the NRO
SAIC's acquisitions and partnerships are indeed indicative of a contractor entwined with UFO legacy program operations
Later in this project, we will explore this even further, such as SAIC's relationship with EG&G
The contractor Bob Lazar claimed hired him to reverse engineer UFO propulsion systems at Area 51S4
Equally intriguing as SAIC's acquisitions are the corporation's intimate ties with US intelligence and NAC for war profiteering
From its inception, SAIC enjoyed high-level former intelligence officials on its board, but I would also like to reference a 2018 Baltimore Sun article titled
Little-known contractor has close ties with staff of NSA
This article, along with the excellent book The Shadow Factory by James Bamford, detail how SAIC basically became, quote unquote,
A revolving door between the NSA and SAIC
Interesting here as the National Security Agency or NSA is one of the US's big five intelligence agencies alongside the NRO, CIA, DIA, NGA, NRO, and likely the Hidden Neuro
In numerous programs, I have implicated the NSA and UFO legacy program operations from enforcing gatekeeping in the form of treat or the tactical reconnaissance engineering assessment team to management of ARV programs such as the TR3B
As a side note, an unnamed retired Army Public Affairs Officer friend of mine who brushed up against legacy programs told me he was not frightened by the CIA but was terrified of the behemoth that was the NSA
And later on, we will discuss possible avenues of black-budget monies conducted between SAIC and the NSA, so hold tight
Keep in mind during our investigation that SAIC is an eligible contractor under the DOD's Corporate Portfolio Program
The Corporate Portfolio Program gives defense industrial-based corporations like SAIC access to DOD executives, scientists, and management with broad access to special access programs
The Corporate Portfolio Program framework was established in 2020 under then US Undersecretary for Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, Ellen Lord
In an almost comical sequence of events, Lord would join SAIC's advisory board in July 2021
And as we progress in this investigation, I find it prudent to mention SAIC is accustomed to getting their way however and whenever they want
Whether this be in the form of acquisitions, enormous sole-source contracts, or war profiteering efforts, many viewers on this channel are familiar with the cries of weapons of mass destruction that fueled the logic behind the Iraq war
Now did you know, SAIC executives were involved at every stage of the Iraq war life cycle
Indeed, quote, SAIC personnel were instrumental in pressing the case that weapons of mass destruction existed in Iraq in the first place, and that the war was the only way to get rid of them
And when no weapons of mass destruction were found, SAIC personnel staffed the commission that was set up to investigate how American intelligence could have been so disastrously wrong
Just to provide some further context here, in 1998 David Key, Weapons Expert and Director of SAIC's Center for Counterterrorism Technology and Analysis,
Testified before the Senate Armed Services Committee, Saddam Hussein, quote, remains in power with weapons of mass destruction, end quote
Following the Iraq war, President Bush appointed a commission to analyze how American intelligence managed to, quote, miss the truth about Iraq's weapons programs, end quote
The commission published a report just one year later, absolving policymakers and US intelligence from distorting evidence of Iraq's WMDs
The commission had direct ties to SAIC, including Gordon Uller, SAIC VP for Corporate Development, Jeffrey R. Cooper, VP for Technology and Chief Science Officer of one of SAIC's major subunits, and Samuel S. Visner
SAIC VP and Director of Strategic Planning and Business Development for SAIC's Intelligence Group
And now that we have finally set the stage for SAIC and UFO legacy programs, let's begin to dive in
You can say categorically you've seen no convincing, confirmable evidence of intact spacecraft kept by the US government
No, I have seen nothing that leads me to that conclusion
Is it possible there is some secret program that you're just not aware of?
I don't think so. I have access to anything and everything I need
And the way you combat conspiracy theories and the associated misunderstandings that fuel them is a fact in science and truth
So if you've got evidence for conspiracy, then that helps to investigate what the underlying truth is
There has been none that has been substantiated for this
And everything that has been brought to our attention and everything that was brought to my attention when I was in that position as the director
We investigated and discovered that it did not come from where they thought it came from
Most everything was explainable through other documentation, other programs, other people that had talked to other people
Washington Shadow, NSA West, whatever you want to call it
SAIC has served as a revolving door for high level US Department of Defense personnel
Since the company's inception, SAIC was aggressively packed with, quote,
Former generals, admirals, diplomats, spies, and cabinet officers of every kind to fill the company's board of directors and the upper echelons of its staff, end quote
With such high level staff, it is no surprise there are numerous accused high level gatekeepers to UFO legacy programs with aggressive and shocking ties to SAIC
Let's reflect on Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick, former head of the Pentagon's all-domain anomaly resolution office
I certainly hold no love for Kirkpatrick, and I wait for many viewers of this channel share the same sentiment
When I was in USDI, I read the transcripts of Sean Kirkpatrick briefing Senator Rubio, Senator Warren, and Senator Gillibrand on the results of his investigation in his
Congressionally-tasked Arrow report, and those transcripts which were supposed to be open kimono
Here's the truth, Mr. Senator, Mr. Senator, Sean Kirkpatrick, absolutely distorted, downplayed, and can't prove it, but I would say outright lied to the people who have direct responsibility for him
Saying what? What did he say? It was a lie
So it's more of a lie of the whole big picture, the big picture, right? In the meeting it's, you know, Congressman Rubio, we've heard about this incident
We just don't have enough data to go on it to really know what this is. We don't have any way of really figuring out what's going on
It could just be an anomaly. In fact, it's most likely anomaly. So starting with an acknowledgement that, you know, you have some data, but we have the insight and the scientific expertise to make you feel at ease
Nothing to see here, folks, moving on
Exactly. Although there was also political discussion involved in historic discussion, and, you know, I read these transcripts once, and immediately knew that
Uh, yeah
Veiled threat?
No, I knew that I was now something else. I was, I had inside knowledge into the deception of our government by elements of our intelligence community
Under Kirkpatrick, Arrow released the abysmal Arrow historical report volume one, which outright lied about some witness testimony
This was proven, for example, by Michael Herrera's official Arrow memorandum for record, which showed Herrera did not claim to encounter an extraterrestrial spaceship or US special forces as falsely outlined in the Arrow report
Arrow under the direction of Dr. Kirkpatrick additionally in 2022 engaged in DOD contracts with contractor Sand Corp, a company with a speciality in plugging whistleblower leaks
I have also in the past shown ties with Kirkpatrick and his good buddy Ronald Moultrie, former Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence and Security and board member of both Battelle Memorial Institute and the Meiter Corporation and how Kirkpatrick and Moultrie enjoy debunking claims of UFOs at previous Arrow roundtables
The guy that formed Arrow upon whose recommendation Arrow was formed is a guy named Ed Moultrie who is Undersecretary of Defense for Intelligence and he was on Battelle's board and he scrubbed that from his LinkedIn
And my good friend, UAP Gerb, who is an amazing channel, he's a super deep UFO researcher, showed that it was on his resume and then he recommends that Arrow formed, it's like a total conflict of interest, it's insane, it's insane
Kirkpatrick during his time at Arrow and post Arrow has frequently engaged in dismissing any and all whistleblower claims, often resorting to emotionally charged outbursts
You believe them?
I believe that they believe what they're telling me and I, my job is not to, it's not a question of belief, right, it's a question of what can I go research
There is absolutely nothing that I'm going to do say or produce evidentiary that is going to make the true believers convert, if you will
It's almost like a religion, it is basically a religion
Myself and others have wagered Kirkpatrick served and possibly still serves as a gatekeeper for UFO legacy programs
This sentiment was shared by witness Ed of the 412th Test Wing who refused to testify to Arrow under Kirkpatrick as according to Ed, Kirkpatrick is an insider meant to squash information
The doctor's employment history pre and post Arrow is additionally intriguing, the good doctor has filed many patents including 2022 and 2023 patents for quote
System and methods for determining influence of channels in a social network, end quote
But that is not our interest today, no instead it is Sean Kirkpatrick's former patents with SAIC including a 2003 filing for quote
Holographic recording and micro slash nano fabrication via ultra fast holographic two photon induced photopolymerization, H-T-P-I-P, end quote
Between joining the NRO and CIA in 2003 and 2005 respectively and working within the Air Force Research Laboratory in 1997, Kirkpatrick worked at SAIC as a senior research scientist
We can specifically review work for SAIC as a senior research scientist in the year 2000
Now how interesting is that a senior SAIC scientist went on to spearhead a questionable office in Arrow that was originally supposed to be called the UAP JPO which some have called Project Blue Book 2.0
Now flashback to 1987, SAIC had previously conducted some of Sean Kirkpatrick's favorite type of science for the DOE, aspects of turbulence and non-linear solutions
Shortly after leaving both the Pentagon and Arrow Kirkpatrick began his own LLC called non-linear solutions
As of 1 January 2025, non-linear solutions has been subcontracted by the MITRE Corporation
An FFRDC I have spoken about ad nauseum on this channel for DOD indefinite delivery indefinite quantity contracts for US space com
The description of this MITRE contract reads, quote, award of indefinite delivery indefinite quantity contract for National Security Engineering Center Federally Funded Research and Development Center FFRDC, end quote
The NSAC run by MITRE in McLean, Virginia operates to, quote, provide the US and its allies and partners with the ability to anticipate and solve the most consequential national security problems requiring integration across missions, capabilities, organizations, and nations, end quote
I do wonder what sort of support non-linear solutions can offer as a subcontractor for MITRE under US space com here, but Kirkpatrick did have previous experience with space com, serving as the intelligence community lead for a US space com task force in 2018 to 2019
Now I mention that to recall back to September 2024 when excellent researcher TAG underscore OM recovered FOIA documents from US space com dated 31 January 2023
These documents outlined a briefing conducted by Kirkpatrick to high level DOD attendees on, quote, UAP response and recovery and material transfer, end quote
I do sure wonder what non-linear solutions and MITRE plan to do with US space com
In December 2023 Kirkpatrick also joined Oak Ridge National Laboratory as the chief technology officer for defense and intelligence programs. Oak Ridge is of course a DOE sponsored FFRDC administered by Battelle Memorial Institute
These are patterns we simply cannot ignore. Why is a former SAIC senior research scientist so intimately involved with FFRDCs and UARC institutions?
I commonly connect to UFO programs after his tenure as the DOD's mouthpiece to debunk UFO information with Arrow
Let us now transition to the most legendary testimony of gatekeeping UFO legacy programs in history, the Wilson Davis memo
So in this video in the interest of time I will assume the viewer has some knowledge of the Wilson Davis meeting notes so if you don't go check out my first ever video on this channel
It's a little rough but still gets the message across
In short these disputed but highly likely accurate notes transcribed by Dr. Eric Davis leaked from the estate of the late astronaut Edgar Mitchell
These notes recount a 2002 conversation between Davis and Vice Admiral and former DIA director Thomas Wilson outside of the parking lot of contractor EG&G in Nevada
The conversation recounts Wilson finding but being stonewalled in accessing UFO recovery and material exploitation programs
Protected by the DOD Special Access Program Oversight Committee, SAPOC, Senior Review Group, SRG and a large defense contractor I-Wager might in fact be SAIC
According to Wilson he was informed by General Michael Ward to search a special records group in the Office of the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology
Belonging to special legacy holdover programs from before special access program restructuring efforts in the early 1990s
In the memo UFO programs were reorganized under SAPOC SRG after an internal audit almost revealed the programs
This SAPOC reorganization began on 5 January 1994 when the Deputy Secretary of Defense significantly enhanced and strengthened changes in the DOD Special Access Program SAP management and control structure
This newsletter on screen now highlights those changes establishing the Senior Review Group
We can also possibly find some useful data. In the GAO's May 1993 report titled, quote, DOD Special Access Program's administrative due process not provided when access is denied or revoked, end quote
Which discusses the Navy and Air Force not complying with DOD regulation 6200.2 slash R which discussed special access program access
I did find it interesting that between the Army, Air Force, and Navy it was in fact the Army that did comply in some cases for SAP regulations according to this GAO document
And according to some of my research this makes sense to me as well as I am familiar with cases in which the US Army seemed to operate UFO material exploitation programs in a strict controlled environment with oversight
While Navy and Air Force legacy programs seemed to operate far more loosely and out of control
But let's take a deeper look at the SAPOC in its Senior Review Group that was upon its creation by the Deputy Secretary of Defense tasked with gatekeeping UFO legacy programs according to VA DM Wilson
Around the time of this restructuring, the SAPOC was chaired by Deputy Secretary of Defense the Honorable John Deutch. Mind you, John Deutch did not restructure SAPOC as DEP SECDEF
This was conducted by his predecessor William Perry, but Deutch immediately followed suit in the role
Immediately pre his position chairing SAPOC as the Deputy Secretary of Defense, Deutch served as the Under Secretary of Defense for acquisition and technology
The same office Wilson learned contained UFO legacy files
Now, Deutch here is very interesting. Based upon the testimony of VA DM Wilson, we can conclude with a high degree of certainty Deutch served as a gatekeeper for UFO legacy programs
Deutch served as a Director of Central Intelligence, a professor at MIT, enjoyed numerous positions within the DOE
And also served as a consultant pre-work on SAPOC with TRW, Los Alamos National Labs, and MITRE, three institutions I directly accuse of being involved in UFO programs
But that's not all. Pre-1995, possibly during his tenure as DEP SECDEF and within the AUSDAT, Deutch served as the Director of SAIC
And even worked in SAIC's La Jolla office, the same office of Denise McKenzie
So, here's what we're left with. According to Wilson, the reorganization of SAPOC and creation of the senior review group directly served to gatekeeper UFO legacy programs from even a three star admiral and DIA director
DEP SECDEF William J. Perry conducted such a reorganization in February of 1994 and immediately one month after a new DEP SECDEF is assigned and put in charge as chairman of SAPOC
This being a former SAIC director
But that's not all. To put the real cherry on top here, even William J. Perry himself who reorganized SAPOC in 1994 once served on the board of SAIC
One could be chance, two as a pattern, so let's extend this further
During his investigations, Vice Admiral Wilson spoke to two permanent members of the Special Access Program Oversight Committee
Brigadier General Mike Kostanik and Paul Kaminsky, the Undersecretary of Defense for Acquisition and Technology, preceded by Deutch
Kaminsky and permanent senior review group member Lynn Wells are both lifelong MITRE Corporation members, but I digress
A permanent SAPOC member post-SAP restructuring is Admiral William A. Owens, former vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff
Outside of his prestigious naval career and service as senior military assistant to Dick Cheney, Owens additionally served as the CEO for SAIC
All in all, the SAPOC, which was restructured in the early 1990s to serve as a gatekeeping structure for UFO legacy programs according to Wilson, saw two of six personnel as former SAIC alumni
This is why I wager the contractor Wilson accused as operating alongside the SAPOC SRG for UFO secrecy is in fact SAIC
And let's not forget a critical third man mentioned in the Wilson Davis notes, Naval Reserve Commander Willard Miller
Miller attended the 1997 meeting with VAD and Wilson and Stephen Greer, and yes, this meeting did take place, this is a fact
During this meeting in the EG&G parking lot between Davis and Wilson, Davis flashed a 2002 letter addressed to him from Commander Miller
Within the letter, Miller offered to aid Davis and physicist Hal Putoff in their UFO crash retrieval research
Miller requested anonymity, clearly this wasn't honored, but offered to connect the men to multiple high value targets and information including
A senior official with knowledge on alien reproduction vehicles, a list of civilian DOD contractors involved in UFO crash retrieval and material exploitation programs
In a team possibly involved with UFO crash retrievals
Where did Miller get this intel? Was it first hand experience, exposure to programs or connections in the corporate world?
Because Miller did after all work as a quote senior analyst in future counter threat planning, directed energy weapons, space systems and Navy space wargaming
Indeed in a 2000 book called Swamp Gas Times, my two decades on the UFO beat by Patrick Hugh, emails between Commander Miller and Attorney Peter Gersten are detailed
Miller believed quote
The relationship has both interest in and concern about the UFO phenomenon
If there are any keepers of the keys, they reside in DOD middle management and civilian DOD contractors, BDM, SAIC, Boeing, Lockheed
And the com-trollers who monitor the flow of money to certain classified and special access programs
Outside of the Wilson Davis notes, there are numerous possible high level SAIC personnel serving as gatekeepers for UFO programs
Discussed already today and in my previous work, we have the US Admiral, Director of the NSA, Deputy Director of the CIA, Director of Neuro, Vice Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency
Who went from in 1989 discussing recovered UFOs becoming available for technological research with NASA mission specialist Bob Echler to saying he found plausible answers for all UFO sightings to project unity in 2022
We can also take an interesting look at US Navy Admiral William F. Rayborn
Alongside John Deutch and Bobby Ray Inman, Rayborn was plucked for senior SAIC roles to stack the contractors payroll with scores of influential members of the National Security Establishment
Prior to his retirement from the Navy in 1963 and also prior to his positions within SAIC and the Director of National Intelligence from 1965 to 1966, Rayborn led the project to develop the Polaris missile system
The Polaris program, a two-stage solid-fueled nuclear-armed submarine-launched ballistic missile, should sound extremely familiar to some viewers of my Naval UFO Legacy Program's video
A small detail, but in this video I discussed how Dr. John P. Craven, Chief Scientist of the Special Projects Office for the US Navy, spearheaded the Deep System Submergence Project
and resulting deep-submergence rescue vehicles that I implicated in undersea UFO crash retrieval operations
Craven himself stated the aforementioned DSSP and submersibles DSRBs were used for a tremendous amount of clandestine classified missions
Craven also stated in his book The Silent War, the Deep Submergence Systems Project, which served to drastically increase the depth at which the Navy could perform undersea engineering operations
was created specifically to accomplish retrieval operations under Operation Sand-Dollar
According to Craven's memoirs, Sand-Dollar was a clandestine highly compartmentalized project that was tasked to retrieve militarily sensitive hardware and other items of national security importance from the seafloor of the continental shelf in the deep marine environments
Craven wrote that this program Sand-Dollar is classified to this day, quote,
I was shown an inventory itemizing the items known to be on the seabed and a map of their distribution throughout the world, end quote
Outlining the complicated obfuscation of Sand-Dollar within the special access program world, Dr. Craven would state Sand-Dollar was buried within the structure of yet another secret program, itself hidden within the Polaris program
Intriguing how Sand-Dollar, what eye wager was a UFO crash retrieval program, was buried under a web of programs hidden within the Polaris program, a program itself founded by Admiral Rayborn who would later on become an SAIC board member
Let's finally discuss a possible gatekeeper to waived deep six UFO programs with high level ties to CIA and SAIC, Donald M. Kerr
Kerr joined SAIC in 1993 as a corporate executive and vice president and director
Kerr's resume includes director of Los Alamos National Labs from 79 to 85, president and director of EG&G from 89 to 92, CIA deputy director for science and technology from 01 to 05, director of the NRO from 05 to 07, and principal deputy director of national intelligence from 07 to 09
Recall if you will the 1985 advanced theoretical physics working group and the notes of attendee Oki Shannon, former manager of special projects at Los Alamos and character in the Wilson Davis notes
Held at the BDM Secure Facility in McLean, Virginia, this conference classified via DOE controls was supervised by the infamous Colonel John B. Alexander and held at BDM just one year after one of the primary characters of this channel, U.S. Army Inscom General Albert Stubblebine joined BDM International
Oki Shannon startling notes from this conference reveal several discussions of interest for this channel, including mention of a major engineering project that existed under Admiral Bobby Ray Inman, naval information on underwater UFO hotspots near Gulfo San Matias, Argentina and mention of an organization that collects, manages and destroys UFO information
Scribbled within the notes are actions Oki wished to pursue to continue a quest for cracking UFO reverse engineering programs. Towards the end of this page is a note discussing approaching Donald Kerr for influence and money.
In almost every single project I do, I discuss the CIA's Office of Global Access established under the CIA's Directorate of Science and Technology in 2003 to serve as a logistics coordinator harnessing the muscle of joint special operations command for foreign UFO crash retrievals.
This CIA DSNT was additionally, alongside the Navy, the co-founder of Neuro, the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office, the U.S.'s most secret intelligence agency and one I have connected to underwater UFO crash retrievals.
This Office of Global Access was actually established under the watch of Donald Kerr, former VP of SAIC in the 90s, who remember served as the deputy director of the CIA's Directorate of Science and Technology from 01 to 05.
How does a program like that get funded?
I will give you generalities. I can get very specific in a closed session, but misappropriation of funds and self-fund.
Does that mean that there is money in the budget that is said to go to a program but it doesn't and it goes to something else?
Yes, I have specific knowledge of that.
Do you think U.S. corporations are overcharging for certain tech they're selling to the U.S. government and that additional money is going to programs?
Correct, through something called IRAD.
In 2004, Catherine Austin Fitts, former Assistant Secretary for Housing and Urban Development, released the now legendary paper titled Black Budget of the United States.
Throughout the 21st century, Fitts has identified trillions of dollars spent on the U.S. black budget.
Fitts has outlined 21 trillion dollars in unauthorized spending in the Departments of Defense and Housing and Urban Development from 1995 to 2015.
Much of this money on UFO-related, quote-unquote, clandestine military R&D.
Recently, Fitts made a couple of podcast appearances on Tucker Carlson's and Danny Jones' shows, making some incredible statements regarding one of my favorite topics, deep underground military bases or dumbs.
Over the years, Fitts has also engaged in some intriguing discussion of UFO legacy programs on Dark Journalist's page, including UFO economies 1, 2, and 3.
Here's the thing, I'm glad you brought this up because I know you've had Richard on, and again, Richard's going to be on the Salier Report next week.
And that's Richard Dole and the author of UFOs in the National Security State.
Well, that's the best book in terms of describing the mechanisms put in place after World War II to create a far-expanded infrastructure for what I call the black budget.
So you literally see the federal credit engineered in a way that can generate trillions and trillions of dollars for an infrastructure of private corporations and investors to control the most powerful technology in the world.
To try and figure out what that technology is, you know, is to go down a rabbit hole full of very squiggling information about what is and is not true, but suffice it to say that a tremendous amount of that money has gone into very high technology weaponry and certainly an investment in space and space travel.
Fitz is surprisingly well-versed in UFO legacy programs, commenting on covert space economies, breakaway civilizations, the SDI or Strategic Defense Initiative being used to counter extraterrestrial threats, and black budget operations surrounding UFOs.
Fitz even once argued to Dark Journalist, up to $60 trillion may have been spent on secret space program and UFO technologies, suggesting TUO or Technologies of Unknown Origin may be worth up to $150 trillion.
Perhaps one day I can sit down with Catherine Austin-Fitz and have a very poignant discussion on UFO legacy program financing, but I would like to circle back to black budget of the United States.
In the paper, Fitz writes, quote, large portions of the nation's wealth is being illegally diverted into secret unaccountable channels, end quote, to support clandestine domestic military research and development.
While stat, the Department of Housing and Urban Development, Fitz came across evidence IT slash accounting systems providers were responsible for the obfuscation of funds and omitting data where DOD funds were directed.
These included Lockheed Martin information systems, which would later merge with Lados in 2015, IBM, DineCorp, and of course SAIC.
One of the things I used to have these fights with the defense contractors because I was required to get the accounts when we, I still needed data and the systems were run by the big defense contractors at HUD, and they would refuse to give me the data so I'd have these wars with them.
It's like, who really runs HUD? Is it the defense contractor or is it the point, you know, the person who's legally responsible?
And speculating, I'd say they have a very perfect situation to do any type of research they want to under the guise of anything, I mean, and call it what they want.
And they definitely aren't working alone in anything. So anybody doing business with them, they are what's called like a conglomerate.
There's SAIC, but it's made up of numerous individual corporations, and these corporations, some of them are very well known and some of them are smaller, but they have some very big genius minds there and a lot of very cutting-edge work being done there.
And millions and millions of dollars coming in. And since it's privately owned corporations, I don't know, the only people they'd have to report to is the ones they're doing business with and they're contracting with.
And so if the people they're contracting with wish to do something that maybe isn't in the best interest of everyone, nobody is going to know about it.
It's all kept in-house, the funding, the financing, the contracts, there should be files, there should be documentation, and a regular timeline of events on every project which did not exist whatsoever.
And if I'm working in a military division and I have access to all the files, where were these, where was this documentation?
So it made me very suspicious of where all this money was going.
Let's now reference the 2001 testimony of former SAIC administrative employee Denise McKenzie.
McKenzie's testimony is somewhat legendary in the UFO legacy program Financial Analyst Community.
After all, McKenzie's experiences were detailed on text in Stephen Greer's 2001 disclosure briefing document, and she was never heard from again.
It's even more interesting, the big defense contractor that does all the UFO stuff, like for the military and the government, is in La Jolla.
And out in front of their building, they have two eight foot tall Egyptian statues, and one is holding a pyramid in his hand, and this is the past, and one's holding a pyramid in his hand, and this is the future.
And they're big bronze statues in front of this company.
In this company, I have on one of these tapes a girl testifying how they put billions of dollars or millions of dollars into UFO related programs, and they create them and they're fake.
So when they get audited by the general accounting office of the United States government, it just looks like all the money's going into more helicopters, but it's really going into like UFO related programs.
Today, I'm thrilled to announce I have found McKenzie's March 2001 videotaped interview nestled within the files of the DPI archive.
I have also found and made outreach to Mrs. McKenzie herself.
I do hope she connects with me in the future, but for now let's analyze her complete recorded testimony.
McKenzie was introduced to SAIC while working retail in 1992.
While working at a fabric store in a San Diego mall, a part-time co-worker of McKenzie named Sophia asked her to move to SAIC at La Jolla, San Diego, where Sophia primarily worked.
Denise had never heard of the defense giant, but was intrigued to work a cushy office job on a massive campus.
When she first visited the La Jolla site, McKenzie expected to interview for an administrative assistant position.
But with no paperwork or meetings, McKenzie was immediately told she had the job.
She didn't even know the department in which she was supposed to work.
During her first few days in the office, McKenzie noticed her recruiter, Sophia, was not present at SAIC and wouldn't show up for another two to three weeks.
During her first three to four days of work, McKenzie had no real tasks.
She would wander her building of work to look busy, gauging the department's computer files and personnel.
McKenzie would realize she worked within SAIC's military contract division.
Within SAIC La Jolla on Campus Drive, Denise would notice a highly classified biological division that featured extremely strict personnel access control.
And let's take a quick pause here.
SAIC has a history of intriguing chemical and biological contracts.
Let's note this 2005 SAIC Research Development Test and Evaluation Group contract that tasked SAIC's McLean, Virginia and San Diego, California divisions
to perform biological, chemical, radiological, nuclear, and explosive, or CBRNE work with the Air Force Operational Test Center and Evaluation Center, or AFO-TEC, at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico.
Kirtland Air Force Base is not only home to a deep underground military installation, but also to Sandia National Labs, an FFRDC, which is a usual tricky customer of this channel for operational locations of UFO legacy programs.
Recurring viewers of my channel will absolutely recognize Sandia, and by the way, SAIC has a history of absolutely enormous contracts with Sandia National Labs,
such as this 2013 $228 million contract for IT consolidation for, quote,
mission-specific information technology research development and integration of capabilities while maintaining high-performance and central-hosting computing desktop services and cybersecurity, end quote.
What is interesting about this specific relationship with SAIC and AFO-TEC for CBRNE work we just mentioned above is a quote from SAIC's Senior Vice President Chuck Zhang, quote,
under the CBRNE contract, SAIC will assess new and emerging technologies and concepts, will work to determine their technological maturity when operated under realistic environments to help give US warfighters the tools they need to do their jobs more safely and effectively, end quote.
It is interesting how SAIC's biological work has been contracted from AFO-TEC, or the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center we just mentioned above.
AFO-TEC historically has supported the Deputy Undersecretary of Defense Advanced Systems and Concepts, or DUSD-AS&C, for all non-traditional acquisition programs.
In the future, I'll be paying much closer attention to this DUSD-AS&C and the office's possible involvement in UFO legacy programs.
After all, according to the General Accounting Office in 2002, DUSD-AS&C was responsible for DOD Advanced Concept Technology Demonstration Programs.
The connections to our work here are indeed perplexing. SAIC has a history of being awarded sole-source contracts to support the Joint Technology Assessment Activity, or JTAA.
A large part of the JTAA portfolio supports the Deputy Undersecretary of Defense for Advanced Systems and Concepts, or the DUSD-AS&C.
Many of these sole-source SAIC JTAA contracts are for work at, you guessed it, the Naval Service Warfare Center Crane, which allegedly houses the Off-World Technologies Division.
Funny enough, former DUSD-AS&C appointees have a history of working for contractors suspected of being involved with UFO legacy program operations before and after service in the Office of the Undersecretary for Defense.
These include Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition Sue C. Payton, who served as a manager of advanced technology and Lockheed Martin before her service in the DOD.
But after that brief sidestep into SAIC and their biological departments, let's get back to the story of Denise McKenzie.
McKenzie's work picked up when she received numerous letters from U.S. military and defense contractors requesting Project Report updates.
McKenzie's immediate superiors blew off the importance of these Project Report updates, instructing McKenzie to issue a generic response to DOD and contractors alike, saying something to the effect of, quote, we're working on it, end quote.
Eager to perform efficiently in her new role, Denise McKenzie would retrieve files and computer disks pertaining to the letters she received.
Each and every contract file, ranging from recent to several years old, contained only two to three form letters, all stating the same thing, quote, it's being worked on, end quote.
Some of these forms were signed by SAIC senior personnel and some were left completely unsigned.
These were enormous contracts worth millions and millions of dollars with absolutely zero activity on the contracts.
McKenzie reported the missing contract activity to her recruiter, Sophia, who grew furious Denise took initiative to search through SAIC's file database.
During her interview, Denise pondered why Sophia, positioned under SAIC's head scientist, was working and recruiting new SAIC administrative personnel from a fabric store at a mall.
McKenzie was ordered to bring all files and disks pertaining to relevant contracts to her immediate superiors and to forget all about the matter.
In her following short time at SAIC, McKenzie was harassed by her head supervisor, a man named Stuart Stanley.
I'm trying to track down this Stuart and while unable to find him yet, I haven't covered a man by that name residing in La Jolla San Diego at the time of Denise's employment at SAIC.
McKenzie's final straw occurred at the contractor when she choked on food and her immediate supervisor stood by and watched instead of attempting to help or to call an ambulance.
After leaving the company, McKenzie would search the early internet for her recruiter, Sophia, and would eventually find an image of Sophia on a CIA website with a different first name and same last name.
This webpage listed deceased agents and while her incident took place in 1992, quote unquote, Sophia had supposedly died in 1987 or 1988.
Remember if you will, SAIC's relationship with the NSA, intimate ties with the US Big Five intelligence agencies appear rampant with SAIC.
I thought they were getting a lot of money for doing nothing and I didn't know where that money was going.
It's like a friend, a friend for something. I mean, if it wasn't such a big complex and evidently well known, which I found out, you know, as I worked there, I would have been very suspicious of what was going on.
And if you wanted to just hide funds or push funds through and call it whatever you want, Joe's Market, I mean, it was like Joe's Market on a huge scale.
So what was I to do about it? I mean, there wasn't much I could say or do about it.
Mackenzie was not the only SAIC employee in 1992 to make such allegations. According to the excellent 2007 Vanity Fair article titled Washington's Shadow, quote,
According to one former executive in a sworn deposition in 1992, the practice of quote unquote mischarging became institutionalized within the company, end quote.
Analyzing Mackenzie's testimony, we can see SAIC ran enormous contracts with DoD and other contractors with absolutely zero activity on these contracts.
This implies these monies were funneled from legitimate projects into more secret black budget clandestine operations.
And perhaps we have a real instance of this we can analyze.
Banning into space, a layered defense to protect the country from nuclear devastation.
U.S. spy satellites would watch the world below, detect Soviet missiles blasting off, compute the position and speed of each missile,
alert battle stations in space on Earth.
The first response, space-based kinetic energy weapons fire high-speed projectiles from hypervelocity guns,
intercepting enemy missiles as they are boosted through the atmosphere.
Popped up into space, Earth-based nuclear-powered X-ray lasers fire their radioactive rays.
Attack rays from land-based eczema lasers are redirected by huge mirrors orbiting in space.
Chemical lasers fire beams that burn through the shell of the onrushing missile.
Particle beam weapons with pulsing rays join the attack.
Still over the atmosphere.
In the same year of 1992, then-Secretary of Defense, the infamous Dick Cheney,
was called to investigate whistleblower claims of fraud and waste surrounding the Strategic Defense Initiative.
Since 1986, scientist Aldrich Saussier claimed the SDI, or Star Wars program,
displayed a pattern of, quote, miss-management and abuse,
and wasteful spending on research and development,
end quote, miss-reporting and misleading Congress of its efficacy.
Saussier was dismissed from the Star Wars program for, quote, poor performance
and was even investigated by the FBI.
Democratic Congressman John Conyers determined actions against Saussier were whistleblower retaliatory activities.
And by 1992, Cheney reviewed the case and Saussier was given whistleblower protection.
But why is any of this important here?
I have talked in several projects of backdoor UFO programs being built into Ronald Reagan's 1983 Strategic Defense Initiative,
a missile defense system built to defend the United States from attacks by ballistic nuclear missiles.
Let's break this down in a second, but since SDI's inception in 1983,
U.S. contractors including SAIC and their systems integrator abilities
were relied on more than ever by the Defense Department for successful implementation of SDI.
In 1985, SAIC had an employee, retired USAF two-star general Jasper Welch
that exclusively coordinated with Star Wars efforts.
In 1985, SAIC had won more strategic defense initiative-related contracts
than General Dynamics, Northrop, Raytheon, Grumman, and the Rand Corporation combined.
Beginning in 1978 and throughout Star Wars, SAIC was, quote,
best represented contractor, end quote, for a key SDI technology, particle beam weapons.
So essentially, SAIC had been accused by Catherine Austin Fitz
as back-channeling money from legitimate contracts into clandestine operations.
Ronald Reagan's Strategic Defense Initiative was proven by the whistleblower claims of
Aldrich Saussier to purposely mislead Congress on the efficacy of SDI,
end quote, wasteful spending on research and development, end quote.
And SAIC was considered a critical contractor for their expertise and reliability for critical work on SDI.
Now I just previously said there are numerous implications
SDI actually held a swath of UFO programs that saw secret monies backchannel from primarily SDI funding mechanisms.
With SAIC's work on SDI and history of illegally diverting funds from legitimate to black-budget contracts,
I do not at all think it is a stretch to assume SAIC was one of the primary contractors
engaged with SDI and UFO legacy programs.
Previously, I discussed the involvement of Northrop, the Grumman Corporation,
and Teledyne Ryan, a Northrop Grumman purchase in regards to SDI and UFO programs,
but today we have much more to discuss.
One whistleblower I have covered in depth on this channel is former USAF Master Sergeant Edgar Fouchet
in his claims of the reverse engineered alien reproduction vehicle called the TR-3B.
As I have stated before, although Fouchet was unable to provide material evidence for the existence of TR-3B,
his disclosures have served to deliver some extremely actionable intelligence.
During his 1998 disclosures, Fouchet would discuss the DARCE,
the Defense Advanced Research Center allegedly stationed underground near Area 51 Grum Lake
that worked on UFO reverse engineering and material exploitation projects.
The DARCE in question, the Defense Advanced Research Center,
not to be confused with DARPA, the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency,
was actually a proposed institution.
So let's reference this declassified Advanced Research Project Agency study written in 1973.
The study in question was written as a historical evaluation of the R&D Management Institution, ARPA,
who at this time had, quote,
remarkably little in the way of an official record or institutional memory had been established, end quote.
On page 82 of the document under ARPA Laboratories discussing advanced aerospace projects,
we find a DOD directive showing the Army Ballistic Missile Agency
was considered for transfer into the DARCE, the Defense Advanced Research Center,
linking the department to the Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
And it is worth noting the Army Ballistic Missile Agency
was commanded by Nazi V-2 rocket scientist
in Operation Paperclip Transfer, Werner von Braun.
Von Braun's mentor was father of German rocketry, Hermann Oberth,
who performed extensive study on UFOs.
And I've previously covered how extensively Nazi scientists were involved in early UFO programs,
such as discussing Hans Kamler, director of numerous Nazi special weapons projects
who may have been tasked with studying the 1933 Magenta Italy crashed UFO,
who curiously went missing near the end of the war,
but was claimed to be working with Americans post-World War II,
as well as Xavier Dorsch, head of the TOT organization,
who was requested by Air Material Command for Operation Paperclip for underground plant construction.
Fusche would state DARCE was bolstered in the mid-1980s
when the institution was flushed with money from the Strategic Defense Initiative.
Fusche and his sources estimated up to 35% of SDI's funding
was siphoned off to support the UFO Black programs.
Indeed, for its maiden operational flight in the mid-1990s,
Fusche would state the TR-3B, whose program was administrated by the NRO, NSA, and CIA,
and worked primarily by Lockheed, Boeing, Northrop, and Teledyne Ryan,
the reverse engineered vehicle was built by Strategic Defense Initiative money.
In 2013, stealth aircraft researcher Joseph Jones
would claim the existence of Project Brilliant Buzzard,
a codename for an airborne surveillance and tracking program
that dealt with setting up an electromagnetic shield around the US,
utilizing an enormous boomerang-shaped craft.
This boomerang featured an almost indefinite loiter time,
and Brilliant Buzzard was allegedly primarily contracted to Boeing.
The Brilliant Buzzard craft was seemingly responsible for 25,000 eye-witness sightings
between 1983 and 1989 of the Hudson Valley boomerang,
and this enormous craft was, of course, allegedly a program born from the Strategic Defense Initiative.
Viewers of my channel will know I adore referencing the work of legendary
UFO crash retrieval investigator Leonard Stringfield
to analyze relevant UFO crash retrieval and material exploitation cases.
And as it turns out, we do have a rather intriguing Star Wars case
in crash retrieval status reports 1 through 7,
specifically 1991's UFO crash retrievals the Inner Sanctum Status Report 6.
Stringfield's eclectic work analyzed a 1989 UFO crash retrieval case
alleged to have occurred over Maritius Bay, Long Island, New York, USA.
Now, be mindful that there is an additional Long Island, New York UFO crash retrieval case
that allegedly occurred in 1992.
This 92 case is indeed perplexing and features numerous eye-witnesses
and the possible involvement of the Department of Energy's
FFRDC Brookhaven National Laboratory located in Upton, New York.
Perhaps we will revisit this case in an extended session soon,
but let's circle back to 1989, the work of Stringfield
and reporting from LIUFON, the Long Island UFO Network.
This case details a crashed UFO in the area of Maritius Bay
off the south shore of Suffolk County, Long Island, New York
on the early morning of 29 September 1989.
And according to LIUFON and Stringfield, the craft crashing was not an accident,
but instead a carefully planned and executed military intelligence operation to down the craft.
According to an anonymous Air Force Intelligence Colonel,
the incident involved the downing of a UFO by the use of a US Star Wars weapon on that night.
The craft crashed into the Dune area where it was subsequently retrieved, end quote.
Quite shockingly, this unnamed Colonel additionally stated
18 US servicemen were killed by biologics on board the craft
who retaliated with a device that quote,
generates extremely low frequency sound waves
which can destroy the molecular cohesiveness of known matter.
Quite the extraordinary claim and a claim that I can find no record of
regarding the deaths of several US servicemen.
However, multiple eyewitnesses including a commodities broker
claimed to have seen helicopters transporting a large object
and military vehicles with a police escort headed towards Brookhaven National Labs.
Another anonymous source, this time a Brookhaven scientist named Dr. Nick,
told LIUFON investigators a large wedge or boomerang shaped object
with shockingly low mass was recovered and transported to Brookhaven.
Having previously worked under Wright Patterson AFB to study UFOs,
Dr. Nick claimed the weapon utilized to down the craft was constructed by AIL electronics.
Now remember how the anonymous Colonel claimed the craft was down
by a strategic defense initiative weapon
and according to Dr. Nick, Brookhaven National Labs deployed this weapon.
Brookhaven is of course a Department of Energy sponsored FFRDC.
Brookhaven additionally did work on the strategic defense initiative
such as aiding in SDI's lethality and target hardening projects.
Reference for example this 1987 DTIC document titled
Report to the Congress on Strategic Defense Initiative and quote
Alongside White Sands missile range and Los Alamos National Labs,
Brookhaven aided SDI through study and testing of SDI weapons
that quote required lethal energy to achieve a sure kill
against the full spectrum of enemy targets.
One contractor that worked alongside Brookhaven,
White Sands and Los Alamos for SDI's lethality and target hardening program
was of course SAIC.
Interesting how SAIC and Brookhaven which was allegedly involved
with shooting down a UFO over Long Island, New York
both worked on SDI's and specifically the Defense Nuclear Agency's
lethality and target hardening programs that had a specific goal
of assessing the lethality of X-ray laser weapons against SDI threats.
All this boils down of course to the subject of directed energy weapons.
Sources of mine have specifically informed me of SDI X-ray weapons
that were used to disable and down UFOs.
These connections between SAIC, black budget monies
and Reagan's strategic defense initiative are quite potent
and well worth exploring further in our future studies.
SAIC's misappropriation of funds doesn't just stop with the testimony of Mackenzie
or likely involvement with SDI UFO programs.
No, we have very real examples of SAIC wasting obscene amounts of money on contracts.
In 2002, a consortium run by SAIC including Boeing and Booz Allen Hamilton
was chosen by the National Security Agency to create Trailblazer.
A system intended to analyze mass collections of data on communication methods
such as cell phones, email, and internet.
This contract was worth at its inception over $280 million
and ballooned to billions within four years.
This program was even worked on by SAIC board member Bobby Ray Inman.
Multiple NSA employees filed a complaint with the DoD Inspector General
regarding enormous amounts of fraud, waste, and abuse existing in SAIC's Trailblazer
when a successful operating prototype had already previously existed.
By 2005, the DoD Inspector General released a report on the investigation
where 90-plus percent of the findings were redacted.
Some of the whistleblowers here including NSA employee William Binney
were harassed and raided by the FBI.
Interesting how Binney has additionally commented on UFOs.
Well, I think my problem is just like the UFO thing.
Unless they start addressing these kinds of things,
that people's observations or basic measurements or facts
will kind of evidence that simply exist.
Unless they start addressing them, there's always going to be questions
that people are going to question and never trust.
I mean, especially now with the government, how much trust do you have in this government?
Bizarrely, after the colossal failure that was Trailblazer,
SAIC was immediately awarded a contract for Execute Locust,
a revised Trailblazer program well worth $361 million.
SAIC's failed efforts on enormous contracts are not uncommon.
Take VCF for example, Virtual Case File,
a $124 million contract with the FBI
to create an online central repository of data to serve the FBI.
Only three years into Virtual Case File,
the project was written off by a global publication for technology professionals
as the, quote,
most highly publicized software failure in history, end quote.
According to the 2007 Vanity Fair article on SAIC,
we discussed earlier, quote,
If it turns out they can't deliver,
new contracts will simply be drawn up, end quote.
Indeed, SAIC's convenient ineptitude to secure lucrative contracts for no work
and whopping failures doesn't just end here.
In 2005, SAIC's La Jolla San Diego location,
which was patrolled by DOD certified industrial security personnel,
was broken into.
This never solved burglary, according to SAIC,
saw the theft of one desktop computer and four laptops
out of 13 private offices containing personal data
on thousands of present and past employees.
Presumably including the company's many former CIA operatives
and SA executives and Pentagon officials,
quite the targeted theft here.
And I really cannot stress here how many incredibly suspicious and dubious actions
SAIC has conducted over the years that speaks to misappropriation
and funneling of funds used, in my opinion,
for black budget UFO programs.
Further examples in this laundry list include SAIC defrauding
the U.S. government from 1987 to 1995
by creating fake, non-functioning prototypes for a USAF contract
to develop flat panel liquid crystal displays
to be used on various fighter jets.
As well as an early 2000s incident in which SAIC was charged with fraud
for submitting, quote, false and fraudulent statements
of its expected cost and profits,
and quote, for waste cleanup at various U.S. Air Force bases.
But before we move on here, I would like to touch on some of the relationships
SAIC has maintained with DOD defense contractors
that have been time and time again implicated
with black budget projects and UFO legacy programs.
I'd like to draw your attention back to EG&G,
also known as Edgerton, Germanhausen and Greer Inc.
and I would wager most on this channel
have some familiarity with this intriguing contractor
that historically engaged closely with some of the U.S.'s most secret technologies.
Started by Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Harold Edgerton in 1931,
EG&G's activities are legendary in the UFO community
before the company was acquired by URS in 2002 and again by AECOM in 2014.
Historically, EG&G shared responsibility at the Nevada test site
including Nellis Air Force Base in Area 51
for weapons development and high-tech testing
alongside Lawrence Livermore Labs, Raytheon and others.
EG&G's legendary status in the UFO community
arose from it being labeled as the contractor Bob Lazar claimed
hired him to reverse engineer UFO propulsion systems at Area 51 site 4.
Quite recently, I also discussed how EG&G was one of multiple components connected
with UFO legacy programs that comprised the Department of Energy NEST
or Nuclear Emergency Response Team
and how I wagered the DOE NEST supported by EG&G
was the on-site technical and scientific team
that recovered a crashed UFO in the Peruvian jungle in 1997
witnessed by USMC Lance Corporal Jonathan Wagan.
According to journalist George Knapp, Alfred O'Donnell,
a now deceased former senior manager at EG&G,
relayed to Knapp that quote-unquote they, meaning EG&G,
had in its possession a flying saucer recovered in New Mexico
as well as live non-human beings that looked vaguely human.
Remember EG&G but just stick around here with me for a second
as I state to probably an annoying degree
a key component overlooked from joint USG contractor
UFO legacy program operations are the subject matter experts
and R&D ACES, FFRDCs are federally funded research and development centers.
Over the course of my work, I have accused numerous such FFRDCs
as acting as key players in UFO material exploitation
and crash retrieval programs including Sandia National Labs,
Lawrence Livermore National Labs, Los Alamos National Labs,
the Center for Naval Analysis, the MITRE Corporation,
the RAND Corporation and more.
The Administrator for Los Alamos National Labs, for example,
on behalf of the Department of Energy
is a little known corporation known as Triad National Security LLC.
Triad National Security has a storied history of intriguing publications
but relevant to our discussion is how Triad is comprised of three entities,
Texas A&M University, the University of California
and Battelle Memorial Institute.
Alongside FFRDCs, I have spoken on their university
semi-private counterparts, UARCs,
or university affiliated research centers
and their involvement in UFO legacy programs.
The two universities comprising Triad are not UARCs,
but interesting nonetheless.
The contractor here of interest within Triad is Battelle
and Battelle is no stranger to this channel.
From its possible involvement studying Roswell Shape Memory Alloys
to its parallel project Blue Book called Project Stork
to research associating Battelle
to dugway-proving ground UFO legacy programs,
Battelle is infamous on this channel.
Battelle itself runs multiple FFRDCs including Oak Ridge,
a Sean Kirkpatrick safe haven post-arrow where he joined as CTO,
Savannah River National Labs,
and the National Biodefense Analysis and Countermeasures Center,
all of whom I suspect are involved in UFO legacy programs.
So isn't it interesting that Battelle formed a new LLC
under a trio of institutions to manage sites for the Department of Energy?
Here we can finally circle back.
On 15 September 2004, SAIC entered into a similar venture.
Analyzing a Form 10 SEC document,
we can see that in 2004 SAIC entered into an agreement
with EG&G Technical Services,
as well as Parsons Infrastructure and Technology Group, Inc.
to form RDS, Research and Development Solutions, LLC.
A now defunct group, RDS was quickly assigned
to the Department of Energy's National Energy Technical Laboratory
shortly after its founding with a total value of $217 million.
Indeed, by 27 September 2004,
RDS was securing even more contracts with DOE,
with some contracts of up to $41 million.
The DOE's National Energy Technical Laboratory's mission
is to, quote, advance the national economic and energy security
of the United States, end quote.
In RDS's founding year, the NETL had a budget of over $900 million,
which was used for R&D programs in support of the DOE's offices
of fossil energy, energy efficiency and renewable energy and energy assurance,
as well as work with other federal agencies.
RDS was brought on to, quote,
support the management and integration of all stages of science
and technological development at NETL,
which could lead to commercially viable solutions in the energy area,
specific technical services areas to be performed
include R&D technology planning and analysis,
R&D operations, process engineering design and analysis,
computational research simulation and visualization,
environment safety and health assurance,
and partnership development, end quote.
Of course, NETL has no direct connection we can see to UFO legacy programs,
but it is interesting that NETL does have connections to three companies
ranging from possibly to almost certainly involved in UFO legacy programs.
Outside of RDS, SAIC engaged in multiple projects with EG&G,
as well as other contractors I suspect engage in UFO exploitation programs,
such as L3Harris and Alien Science and Technology,
as demonstrated in this 2005 250 million joint war fighting center support contract.
If Alien Science and Technology sits on the tip of your tongue,
that very well may be because this is a contractor mentioned alongside
the testimony of witness Ed.
Ed served as a director for an electronics warfare group
out of the Edwards 412th Test Wing,
which is a major range and test facility base,
and claimed to work directly with scientists and test pilots
of reverse engineered UFO vehicles.
According to Ed, this program operated across the Nevada test and training range,
as well as the Edwards 412th Test Wing,
Edwards Air Force Base, Nellis Air Force Base, Area 51, S4,
and underground connective tissue.
After his very real time at Edwards,
Ed went on to work at the Pentagon
for USAF Research Development Test and Evaluation Panel chain,
where he claimed dozens of billions of dollars went missing each year
in non-TOA or non-transfer of authority funds.
During his time at the Pentagon,
Ed also joined Alien Science and Technologies in Crystal City, Virginia
as an F-35 subject matter expert.
I have also guest with the enormous bloated budget of the F-35 program
around $2 trillion,
this aircraft platform may hide funds for UFO program operations.
In a similar venture to RDS LLC by SAIC and EG&G,
and Triad National Security LLC under Battelle,
in 1999, the same year Northrop Grumman purchased Teledyne Ryan
and was engaged in a purchasing spree I have connected to UFO programs,
SAIC and Northrop entered a joint venture to create AMSEC LLC.
AMSEC grew from $100 million in revenue in 2000
to $500 million in revenue by 2007.
Quote,
AMSEC contracts primarily with the Navy
are expected to gross $500 million next year.
AMSEC is jointly owned by Newport News Shipbuilding,
a division of Northrop Grumman,
and Science Applications International Corporation.
End quote.
AMSEC specializes in providing naval architecture and marine engineering,
naval ship systems assessments, maintenance engineering,
waterfront maintenance support, acquisition program support,
shipyard industrial engineering,
and C4I installation and support services.
AMSEC also provides lifecycle integrated logistics services,
including technical manual development,
provisioning documentation, spare parts management,
training development and delivery, and software development.
By the 2010s, AMSEC operated as a major contractor
providing engineering and technical services
in support of the Navy modernization program.
Some AMSEC, IDIQ, or indefinite delivery and definite quantity contracts.
A contracting method, David Grush has stated support legacy program funding
saw 2015 contracts north of $83 million
for Naval Surface Warfare Centers for AMSEC.
Consider me intrigued here, as I have previously discussed,
and as we will discuss later,
the testimony of Randy Anderson and SAIC
running the Off-World Technologies Division
below NSWC Crane in 2012 to 2015.
In my projects, when discussing DOD contractors,
FFRDCs, and new arcs,
I try and single out official reports, internal reports,
defense technical intelligence center documents, etc.
to attempt to draw parallels to UFO legacy programs.
Previous references have included project updates on Project Stork
and metallurgical alloy analysis by Battelle.
TRW's work on high-speed underground tunnels
possibly connecting deep underground military bases.
1972's Project Outgrowth
out of the US Air Force Rocket Propulsion Laboratory
at Edwards Air Force Base detailing anti-gravity propulsion
and many, many, many more.
Of course, seen as it's our subject today,
SAIC has their own compelling historical documentation.
In 1988, SAIC began work on a report titled
Electric Propulsion Study for Edwards Air Force Base's
Aeronautics Laboratory in the Air Force Base Technology Center,
AFSC.
As we've discussed throughout today, viewers of my channel
will recall my extremely high conviction regarding a joint
UFO-ARV Alien Reproduction Vehicle Program
existing between Edwards Air Force Base
and the Nevada Test and Training Range.
Again, this was covered in great detail on my video on Ed,
an electronics warfare test director out of Edwards
who claimed to operate this program
engaging with UFO legacy program scientists
and ARV pilots.
This 1988 SAIC document, released August of 1990,
was written by SAIC investigator Dennis Cravens
and featured extensive contribution
from Assistant Director of Los Alamos National Labs
Center for Explosive Technology Research,
Ferris Williams.
This paper discusses the byfield-brown effect.
Los Alamos National Labs and Lawrence Livermore National Labs
work on highly classified power density devices
for the Strategic Defense Initiative
and ultimately suggests a five-dimensional approach
to unifications of fields for novel propulsion methods.
The report also suggests anti-gravity could be achieved
by using rotating cylinders filled with mercury
and should be considered for oceanic and atmospheric applications.
Intriguing to say the least, as this rotating mercury system
is the exact propulsion method,
USAF Master Sergeant Edgar Fouchet claimed originated
from reverse engineering out of Sandia
in Lawrence Livermore National Labs
that powered the TR-3B Alien Reproduction Vehicle.
The circular plasma-filled accelerator ring
called the Magnetic Field Disruptor
surrounds a rotatable crew compartment.
It's far ahead of anything you've ever imagined
as far as technology.
Sandia and Livermore Laboratories developed
a reverse-engineered MFD
and I believe the government will go at any lengths
to protect this technology.
But you're not going to be able to build one of these
from what I tell you, nor am I.
The government will go to any lengths.
Believe me, the plasma in this accelerator
is mercury-based.
It's pressurized at 250,000 atmospheres
at a temperature of 150 degrees Kelvin,
superconductivity,
and accelerated to 60,000 revolutions per minute
to create a superconductive plasma
with a resulting gravity energy.
The MFD generates a magnetic vortex field
which disrupts and neutralizes the effects of gravity on mass
within proximity by 89%.
Do not misunderstand, this is not anti-gravity.
Anti-gravity you can use as a propulsive force.
Just for consideration,
it is also interesting how this Ferris-Williams,
mentioned in this report,
also spoke at a June 2001 UFO Technology Conference
where it was mentioned his research was sponsored
by Hal Putoff.
This conference was actually held in La Jolla, San Diego
with immediate proximity to numerous SAIC locations
and their California headquarters.
In July of 2018,
journalist George Knapp released a leaked version of 38 DIRDS,
or Defense Intelligence Reference Documents
created under the Advanced Aerospace Threat Identification Program,
or ATIP.
ATIP, of course, is the controversial office
Lou Elizondo claimed to direct, work for,
or operate under in various capacities.
Much discussion has been conducted
surrounding ATIP versus ASAP,
the Advanced Aerospace Weapon System Applications Program.
This is of course not the subject of today's video,
and while I maintain ATIP was likely a white world cover
for more classified programs under ASAP,
we will not be discussing the complexities
of ATIP versus ASAP today.
On 16 January 2019,
the Black Vault received a list of the aforementioned
DIRD reports under FOIA.
By March 2022,
the Black Vault had successfully received copies
of all 38 DIRD reports.
I have discussed these DIRDS before.
The subject matter and topics of them
are simply astounding.
The DIRDS feature highly scientific
and technical reports by various authors
that touch on multiple core positions
from spatial slash temporal translation
to armament.
Some of these DIRDS include focus on
space-time metric engineering by Hal Putoff,
brain-machine interfaces by Dr. R. Genick,
pulsed high-power microwave weaponry
by Dr. James Wells,
and advanced aerospace configurations
by Dr. Paul Sizz.
And it is interesting how in 2001,
Dr. Sizz appeared as a whistleblower
on Stephen Greer's 2001 disclosure briefing document.
In his tape testimony to Greer,
Sizz discussed his eight years in the Air Force
at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base
and 30 years working for the McDonald-Douglas
aircraft company.
Sizz discussed its involvement tracking UFOs
while at Wright-Patterson,
clocked at 20,000 miles per hour,
performing unusual and silent maneuvers,
as well as his time in classified projects
at McDonald-Douglas.
Within these DIRDS are numerous papers
written by the infamous Dr. Eric Davis,
covering such topics as traversable wormholes,
stargates, and negative energy,
anti-gravity for aerospace applications,
and concepts for extracting energy
from the quantum vacuum.
In a similar vein to these exotic DIRDS,
Davis had previously written a mind-boggling report
from 2001 to 2003,
titled Teleportation Physics Study.
If you are somehow unfamiliar with Davis,
please check out my project on the Wilson Davis Notes
or my interview with Davis on Jesse Michael's channel.
Davis wrote teleportation physics study
for the Air Force Research Laboratory,
AFRL, for Air Force Material Command
at Edwards Air Force Base.
Davis would go on to work at AFRL
and would state during the Seoul 2024 Symposium,
AFRL was where he uncovered irrefutable evidence
of UFO legacy program operations.
Teleportation Physics Study devotes
an entire report section to p-teleportation,
a form of psychokinesis, quote,
similar to telekinesis,
but generally used to designate the movement of objects
through other physical objects over great distances.
Telekinesis is a form of p-k,
which describes the movement of stationary objects
without the use of any known physical force,
and p-k is essentially the direct influence
of mind-on-matter without any known
immediate physical energy or instrumentation, end quote.
This p-k phenomenon, p-teleportation section,
stated much of the theoretical
slash experimental slash operational work on the subject
was based off a little known program
conducted at SRI International with the NSA.
Sponsored at times by the CIA, DIA,
and US Army INSCOM
that would later relocate to SAIC.
This was the infamous remote viewing program,
a.k.a. Project Stargate.
Well, there was, like, CIA docs about consciousness
and, like, weird remote viewing stuff.
I mean, besides the Stargate program
that were released in the FOIA reading room
on CIA's website, too, that are pretty trippy.
We're like, wow, CIA's looking into
some really interesting stuff.
I mean, they're a hardcore intel agency.
What's going on there?
But it makes sense that they would kind of
have to find out if that's p-k.
Like, you can't ignore that
if you're really doing your job.
If your job is intelligence.
Like, okay, like, let's look at this.
What's an aspect of the phenomenon,
because it's like a reach out from
the crash retrieval program, like, hey,
I need you to look into some weird stuff,
because it might be the key unlock
for something that we got in a warehouse, you know?
Yeah.
I speak often on the possibility
some non-human vehicles are controlled
not with complex control surfaces,
but instead with thoughts or cognition.
These sentiments have largely and recently
been associated with Jake Barber
and the discussion of psionics
and programs focused on utilizing
anomalous cognition to lure in UFO
to shoot them down with EMP weaponry.
And we came to a conclusion even in those days
that the reason most flying saucers have failed
is because our conclusion was that this being
is part of the guidance system.
He's part of that saucer.
But as we just saw,
discussion of UFOs and cognition far predate Barber.
The late Colonel Philip J. Corso would claim
he and the Army's Foreign Technology Division
under Arthur Trudeau were in the early 1960s,
tasked with numerous projects for the purpose
of seeding and adapting technologies
plucked from UFO crash retrievals,
specifically Roswell, into the U.S. military
industry, if possible.
One such project, started in 1961,
was focused on, quote,
control guidance by brainwaves, end quote.
Corso had learned from official Roswell files
the biologics on board the crash disk
were part of the guidance system.
The Foreign Technology Division sought to
adapt this technology to allow humans
to control ballistic missiles via brainwaves.
I've just had one of the most senior scientists
in the U.S. Defense Department's former
admitted to me that he was read into
a UFO crash retrieval program.
I've spoken to well over 20 people now.
What I was told consistently was
the technology is mind-blowing,
and they are not in a position
to be able to engineer it yet,
because it's just light years
beyond what we have.
It's a completely new type of physics,
is what one person said to me.
And you might be interested in this, Jay,
because of the sort of direction
that your interests have taken.
Without expanding on it,
one of the people I spoke to told me
that it had a lot to do with
a mind-interface connection with the engineering
that it was driven by some kind of consciousness
or some kind of intelligent connection
with machinery that was beyond our understanding.
Indeed, similar claims can be found
within the files of the late legendary
Leonard Stringfield.
Analyzing Stringfield's notes
reveals a conversation with one Mr. Hines,
who had a source from Bell Labs.
Of course, Bell Labs I've discussed before,
as having involvement in UFO legacy programs.
Lenn spoke to a Mr. Hines,
who had a source from Bell Labs.
The informants stated that he was on the flight line
at a California Air Force Base in the early 1950s,
and saw a UFO retrieval brought in.
He allegedly saw a cutaway of the recovered craft,
plus the headband transceiver worn by the aliens.
Anyone involved with the retrieval
was subject to intense scrutiny and search.
Apparently, one man must have kept a part of the craft,
and he mysteriously disappeared.
He was never seen again.
What I can tell you is that people who work on this technology
tell me it has no control systems,
no control surfaces,
no visible propulsion system,
no dials, no levers, no buttons.
It's a shell.
They tell me it's operated by consciousness.
Go figure.
When analyzing USG's special access programs
focused on anomalous mental phenomena,
being moved into the secrecy of the corporate world,
I can't help but to think of direct parallels
to UFO legacy programs.
Acknowledged US programs into anomalous cognition
began in 1977 with Project Stargate.
Project Stargate was a joint secret army,
DIA, CIA, and SRI International Contractor Program
tasked to investigate the potential
for military use of psychic phenomena.
The program went by many codenames
based on operational agencies within the program.
Gondola Wish, Stargate,
Sunstreak for the CIA,
Grille Flame for INSCOM,
Center Lane for the DIA, etc.
This was until 1991
when the project would consolidate under the Stargate project
and be moved to our subject of today, SAIC.
Stargate was initially operated out of Fort Meade, Maryland
with a key sponsor of the work
being Major General Albert Stubblebine.
Stubblebine founded US Army Intelligence
and Security Command INSCOM.
INSCOM initially commanded the US Special Forces Unit,
the ISA, Intelligence Support Activity.
The ISA was later on moved to JSOC,
Joint Special Operations Command,
where I and others like Chris Sharp
have accused JSOC elements of participating
in foreign UFO crash retrievals
alongside the CIA Office of Global Access.
Stubblebine himself has been accused by numerous individuals
such as Philip J. Corso and Stephen Greer
of participating directly in UFO material exploitation programs
at Fort Wachuka, funding clandestine men-in-black type entities
and much more.
Stubblebine, according to Greer,
is the man who offered Greer $2 billion
to absorb Greer's organization, C-SETI,
into the general's work.
So it is quite intriguing,
a general with keen aptitude for anomalous cognition
would also be accused of participating
in UFO legacy program operations.
This reminds me of the quote we just heard from David Grush,
but let's focus our work back to SAIC.
SAIC would continue Stargate from 1991 to 1994.
However, I would wager this work continued long after 1994.
SAIC published 10 primary studies
focused on remote viewing and sci phenomena.
SAIC would coin the terms anomalous cognition,
also known as remote viewing or clairvoyance,
a quote, form of information transfer
in which all known sensorial stimuli are absent.
That is, some individuals are able to gain access to information
by an as yet unknown process, end quote.
As well as anomalous perturbation,
aka psychokinesis, a quote,
form of interaction with matter
in which all known physical mechanisms are absent.
That is, some individuals are able to influence matter
by an as yet unknown process, end quote.
In their official reports,
SAIC stated they were and earlier programs
were able to verify the existence of anomalous cognition
but not able to verify the existence of anomalous perturbation.
SAIC would employ agents and beacons for such experiments.
Agents displayed a quantitative measurement of displays
of anomalous cognition and beacons served as individuals
who would engage in direct sensorial stimuli
from an intended target to act
as a focus of attention for the anomalous cognition receiver.
Some pretty incredible stuff I know,
and as I have stated before on numerous occasions,
I am still myself learning about PSY phenomena
in relation to the subject of UFOs.
So for now, we will leave SAIC's work into AC and AP,
but perhaps we will revisit the subject in the future.
But SAIC's possible hidden continuation of Stargate
does tie into the last subject we will discuss today.
Naval Support Activity Crane,
home to one of the nation's most important military laboratories,
is sometimes referred to as the Pentagon's best kept secret,
Senator Joe Donnelly, Indiana.
As I mentioned at the beginning of this video,
I have covered the case of Randy Anderson
in the Off-World Technologies Division
underneath NSWC Crane before.
This early investigation was taken down
to support Randy's testimony reaching a wider audience
on Jesse Michael's platform.
With this investigation into SAIC,
I thought it prudent to make my investigation
into Randy Anderson available again.
This is because the overwhelming majority of that investigation
was labeling with high confidence SAIC
as the contractor in question in charge
of a secret division housing recovered technology.
So for the full picture, I recommend watching my video
to learn more about the data investigation,
contractors, military units,
and more associated with Randy's story
and to hear more from Randy overall,
I highly recommend viewing Jesse's video.
But let's briefly summarize Randy's experience
and tie it into SAIC.
In the early to mid-2010s,
Randy was sent to the Naval Surface Warfare Center
in Crane, Indiana for advanced weapons training.
Anderson served as a US Army Green Beret,
18 Bravo weapons sergeant,
which meant the soldier was a highly trained expert
in US and foreign small arms weaponry and explosives.
Anderson and his fellow Green Berets
were sent to Crane for weapons testing and training courses.
However, due to holding a TSSCI clearance,
Anderson and one other soldier
were shown classified foreign and domestic weapon platforms.
These included disruptive technologies
such as unique Russian ballistics.
But quickly, what is Crane?
The Naval Surface Warfare Center, or NSWC,
is part of the Naval Support Activity Crane
alongside the US Army Ammunition Activity,
which stockpiles much of the US mainland's munitions.
Crane, Indiana was chosen for these stockpile duties
during World War II, as such a landlocked state
would have proved to have been difficult
to be targeted by enemy forces.
NSWC Crane is a massive facility,
with several underground layers highlighted
as the Premier Navy Lab,
whose mission is to quote,
provide acquisition and in-service engineering
and technical support for sensors, electronics,
electronic warfare, and special warfare weapons,
end quote.
Operations at Crane are divided into
three distinct focus areas,
strategic missions, electronic warfare,
and expeditionary warfare.
But this location doesn't focus on conventional missions.
As we see from this recent Duke University
long-range broad agency announcement,
a key focus of Crane's programs
is advanced concepts and technologies,
end quote.
And we discussed some of these advanced concepts
and technologies earlier in this project
with mention of SAIC and the JTAA.
The underground presence of the base
is key to mention here.
Not only are there numerous underground bunkers
for munitions storage hidden below the ground,
but also small arms testing resources,
such as an underground 100 meter firing range.
Now as I mentioned earlier,
I'm here at Crane to test advanced foreign
and domestic weaponry.
The Crane facility has historically worked closely
with the U.S. Army for weapons testing,
training, and defensive capabilities,
such as countering improvised explosive devices in Iraq.
And the NSWC is no stranger to reverse engineering,
critical technology to maintain quote unquote
fleet readiness, such as an intriguing black box
I covered extensively in my first video on Randy Anderson.
Best of my knowledge, NSWC Crane is integral
to naval UFO legacy programs.
Previously, not only did I tie intriguing NSWC Crane contracts
to work done on UFO underwater recovery programs
operating out of the Navy alongside Woods Hole
Oceanographic Institute and U.S. intelligence agencies,
such as the NRO and the National Underwater Reconnaissance Office,
but let's also mention that NSWC Crane
likely resides in a complex system of naval centers
engaged in T-U-O technologies of unknown origin,
housing, and exploitation.
I know I say this all the time,
but this really is another video for another day,
as I am still deeply engaged with this research.
The thesis I am building here, however, is this.
Naval undersea warfare center divisions,
such as Keyport, and university affiliated research centers,
such as the Applied Research Laboratory
at the University of Hawaii at Manoa,
engage with UFO data.
Naval surface warfare centers, such as Crane,
engage with T-U-O hardware.
And nav-air installations like China Lake and Patuxent River
deal with quote-unquote aircraft.
This really will be a worthy thread.
We will pull on a bit now and more in the future
that quite likely has SAIC written all over it.
On 5 June 2025,
Immaculate Constellation whistleblower Matthew Brown
illustrated an enormously impactful tweet
that directly referenced UFO materials or craft
being stored at the Patuxent River special project hangars
that are owned by the Imentum Corporation
amongst quote-unquote other fun spaces.
Of course, alongside Imentum,
SAIC has a significant presence
at the Naval Air Station Patuxent River,
enjoying similarly lucrative contracts to NSWC Crane
while majorly supporting PAX River's
Naval Air Warfare Center aircraft division
and ship and air integration warfare division.
Remember how earlier in this project
we discussed joint ventures with SAIC and EGNG
and SAIC in Northrop,
possibly linked to UFO legacy programs?
Well, SAIC has engaged in similar practices with Imentum.
A contractor Matt Brown has now accused
of housing UFO materials at Nav Air PAX River.
SAIC and Imentum join forces to form FSA,
a contractor that as recently as 2020
has secured IDIQ federal contracts
in excess of $1.3 billion.
Perhaps in the future we can shed more light
on possible joint SAIC Imentum work
on UFO legacy programs at major Naval RD-TNE stations.
Anyways, after observing prosaic disruptive technologies,
Randy and one of his fellow soldiers
were taken to a pristine and advanced location
under Crane by an unmarked contractor in civilian clothes.
Anderson was told by this guide,
a private contractor former military,
in the same individual leading the weapons training course,
quite nonchalantly,
they were entering the quote-unquote
off-world technologies division.
Upon entering, Randy did not enter
a normal firing range or laboratory.
He and the other men entered
what seemed to be a scientific observation room
overseeing a laboratory housing two pieces of technology
staffed by one other contractor
dressed similar to a lab technician.
One device Randy witnessed was a sphere
no bigger than a basketball
that was seemingly constructed from seamless metal.
The soldiers were told by their guide
this object and the other piece of technology
interacted with human consciousness.
The other piece of technology
was seemingly similar to a type of gauntlet
that was according to the contractor
considered weapon technology
due to the tech producing an energetic discharge
during recovery.
This weapon was projecting some type of
glyphic writing Randy could not distinguish
between physical projection
or projection into his mind.
Shortly after, Randy was escorted
out of the off-world technologies division
and to this day suffers extensive mental haze
and memory problems surrounding this event.
But where does SAIC tie into this?
The mission of NSWC Crane
is to provide the quote American warfighter
with solutions to their toughest technical challenges
to better equip a decisive advantage
in electromagnetic warfare,
strategic missions and expeditionary warfare end quote.
Crane employs a whopping
2489 contracting force
and engages in projects with numerous
defense contractors, DOE labs
like Sandia National Labs and universities.
And also recall as I just mentioned
earlier in this project we have already discussed
mention of SAIC and many contracts
for the JTAA,
the Joint Technology Assessment Activity,
a key component of Crane that supports
the Deputy Undersecretary of Defense
Advanced Systems and Concepts.
SAIC, one of the DoD's
premier science and technology
subject matter experts
and innovative contractors,
aka Washington Shadow,
who has better access to the Pentagon
than the government's own attorneys,
has extensive contracts of interest
with NSWC Crane as well as a provable
previous interest in consciousness
related studies similar to the
sphere Randy observed that
reportedly only responded to human consciousness.
Indeed, right around
the time of Randy's encounter, 2012,
the Office of Naval Research
was seemingly carrying on the legacy
of SAIC and Stargate,
announcing a revolutionary research study
that investigated sixth sense
among humans to understand how to train
personnel on quote,
intuitive decision making, end quote.
But like we've been doing in this video,
let's follow the money and analyze
some contracts. In my project
on joint U.S. Navy under C-UFO
retrieval programs, I highlighted
joint programs operating between
the U.S. Navy, the Office of Naval Research,
the Office of Naval Intelligence,
U.S. Intelligence agencies such as
NRO, NRO, NGA, CIA,
as well as US SOCOM
or Special Operations Command,
Defense Contractors, and FFRDC
such as the Center for Naval Analysis,
MITRE, SAIC,
Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute,
and Premier U.S. Naval Weapons Facilities
such as NSWC Crane
and NSWC Chita Lake.
In that project, which I highly recommend
viewing, I discussed how Woods Hole
Oceanographic Institute provided
submersibles for under C-UFO crash
retrievals for their quote, unique
capabilities that cannot be otherwise
obtained, end quote. I theorized
this work was conducted through
SoulSource, IDIQ, and IDIC
engineering service contracts
between the National Defense Research and Development
Services and Woods Hole awarded
to Naval Surface Warfare Centers.
Examples can be found
between Woods Hole and Newit Keyport
for the procurement of quote, hardware,
materials, and supplies, as well as
services to develop, build, fabricate,
integrate, evaluate, and support
the unmanned undersea vehicle family
of systems for the Naval Undersea
Warfare Center, end quote.
Indeed, Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute
even has historical contracts
with SAIC at NSWC Crane,
such as this 24 May
2023 contract for quote,
research and development of expeditionary
systems for Naval Sea Systems
Command, Naval Surface Warfare
Center Crane Weapon System Division
JXN, end quote.
Crane's JXN,
aka Weapon Systems Division,
falls under NSWC Crane's JX
or Special Warfare and
Expeditionary Systems Division.
This is the department I previously suspected
and still suspect holds
the Off-World Technologies Division
ran by SAIC.
Curiously, there is a 2020 contract
of interest here that was deleted
from SAIC's website.
This $133 million contract
awarded to SAIC
tasked the corporation to continue to provide
mission engineering and integration services
to the Maneuver Engagement
and Surveillance Systems Division
at NSWC Crane.
The Maneuver Surveillance and Engagement Division
JXW falls parallel
to the Weapon Systems Division JXN
that sees joint contracts between
SAIC, Woods Hole and Crane,
both of which fall under the
aforementioned Special Warfare
and Expeditionary Systems Crane Division.
In fact, analyzing this
JXW Division brings even more
intrigue. Nestled within
the Maneuver Surveillance and Engagement
branch that sees enormous contracts
with SAIC is a subset called
JXWT.
The Special Capabilities Branch
are elements of the Off-World
Technologies Division hidden within
Crane's Special Capabilities Branch.
This 2020 $133 million contract
may seem obscene, but SAIC
is no stranger to frankly
enormous contracts.
Earlier in this video, we discussed
hundreds of millions of dollars awarded
to SAIC for IT
consolidation with Sandia National
Laboratories. But how about
this 2023 contract that also
suspiciously vanished from
SAIC's website around January
of 2024, detailing
a $249 million
in definite delivery
in definite quantity, SAIC
contract to support Crane's
Weapons Division Instrumentation Platform?
These are but a handful
of SAIC Crane contracts.
Numerous more absolutely
enormous contracts exist, such as
a 2010 $351 million contract
for SAIC to provide
technical engineering services
to NSWC Crane in support
of the Joint Special Operations
Response Department which is
referencing JSOC.
And remember, we've discussed today
and as I do in almost every video
I link JSOC elements
to UFO crash retrieval.
Randy claimed the contractors
associated with the classified
prosaic weapons training took him to
the Off-World Technologies Division.
We can find even more examples
of SAIC conducting weapons
testing at Crane. In a now
restricted article that was comically
pulled after my video on Randy
Anderson, SAIC demonstrated
extensive technical work providing
expertise to improve C4 ISR
a.k.a. command
control, communications, computers,
intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance
in weapon systems for the warfighter
at NSWC Crane.
So if Randy's story is true
is SAIC the contractor running
the Off-World Technologies Division?
Well there is no direct proof
but I would wager there is ample
evidence SAIC with their demonstrated
interest in sigh phenomena
engagement with assets I have accused
of participating in UFO retrieval
operations at Crane and proven
history engaging in weapons training
at Crane single out SAIC
as operating an underground
laboratory focused on the housing
containment and possible exploitation
of non human technology.
Anyways, as I said in the beginning of this video
I know for SAIC
we don't have as many direct
connections to UFO programs
specifically craft housing
and ARV production
then we do companies like Northrop
like we do Lockheed Morton
or even some of Northrop subsidiaries
TRW, BDM
all the way back to Aerospace etc
and then FFRDC's
and so on and so forth.
But I hope what I showed today
is that diving through SAIC's
corporate history
some of their larger scandals
some of their implications in UFO
programs that this company
has for lack of a better term
quite a few skeletons in its
closet. Whether this be
defrauding the United States Government
and intelligence agencies or federal
forces like virtual case file
with the FBI or
the FBI
or like project trailblazer
with the NSA
SAIC seems to
have a repeating
pattern of securing
enormous contracts
in either delivering no product
underdelivering or underdelivering
and asking for more money
and as we saw from quotes throughout
articles published by Forbes
and published by Wall Street Journal in the early 2000s
there are numerous numerous numerous
occasions on which
there are anonymous or named whistleblower
complaints against SAIC
and of course we saw this with Denise McKenzie
as well. And I was really
interested to kind of connect Aldrich Saussier
and his claims of
fraud with the SDI
the Strategic Defense Initiative and parallel
that to 1992 as well
with Denise McKenzie and SAIC
as we showed in this video
SAIC was pretty much the
largest contractor for SDI
for quite a few years
larger than other companies like Northrop Grumman
Lockheed Martin and so forth combined
so by extension
I think it is safe to assume that some of this
fraud and waste occurring in SDI
would extend to its largest
by an exponential factor
contractor
now with SAIC probably what everybody
thought going into this video was of course
Randy Aitterson the Off-World Technologies Division
and Project Stargate
now I've said
so many times and my opinion is really changing
on this matter that some of the
for lack of a better term
psionics or psychic phenomena
plural with the UFO programs
whether that be cognitively
interfacing with a craft
in terms of course those claims
and some of these beings flying
UFOs via mind or via
thoughts or headband transceivers
some of Leonard Stringfield's notes
I have really found
Solis in the quote by David Grush
on JRE
where David Grush talks about Stargate
and remote viewing documents in the CIA
reading room and other various
remote viewing programs or AC
or AP some of those
terms coined by SAIC
and I really found Solis
and Grush saying to Joe
when Joe kind of retorts back well of course
the CIA would be looking to gain every single
leverage into intelligence
gathering whether that be a legitimate source
or not that David Grush says
well maybe some of these
programs spawned out of a need
to try and unlock something we have
in a warehouse somewhere
I think that is an extremely interesting quote
and that directly kind of
corresponds to the story of Randy Anderson
in the Off World Technologies division
where some of this this sphere
that he saw was claimed to
interact with human consciousness
and how the contractors
at NSWC Crane
which is most likely and I still
maintain and I still maintain even stronger
SAIC
and I also think it's interesting
the larger SAIC connection to some of the
larger naval air stations
or naval surface warfare centers across the nation
I'm intrigued to really
dive in more about Matt Brown
statements about Patuxent
River and the Amentum hangers
and explore more of SAIC
at Patuxent River maybe NSWC
Dolgren, China Lake, etc
as well as their work with Amentum
now looking into the corporate
of SAIC I know it's
quite convoluted especially when we got
into the decision science applications
and then that long
road of DSAI going into
DSA to Stephen Myers
to L3 communications to
Engility to being bought up by SAIC
and L3 airs I know
that's crazy complicated I was
really interested to find sort of
similar to Triad National Security
with Battelle and two universities
that SAIC engaged in
similar practices and this was
with their RDS with
EG&G now of course
the LLC went defunct within a couple
years but similar to Triad
this was a crack
to break into DOE
lab work and Department of Energy
classified work but
I think one of the most tangible things we have
from today's video some of the most tangible
research is of course the SAIC
whistleblowers I
do not need to say more about
Dr. Sean Kirkpatrick
I'm sure by the time this video comes out
there will be a lot of stink about the Wall Street Journal article
and
maybe even we'll get that part too soon
so I'd like to see more of
more of basically a hero worship
tale to Sean Kirkpatrick and his great work
but I'd also like to ask
if Kona Blue was just a project
tricking all Air Force personnel
what about the circular reporting
those two seem at odds with each other from
Kirkpatrick's claims but anyway I digress
I do believe we stumbled upon some other
high-level SAIC gatekeepers
and possibly
individuals that need to be subpoenaed by Congress
of course most of these individuals are
ceased but some are still living
these gatekeeper individuals include
John M. Deutch, William J. Perry
Admiral Ray Bourne
Admiral Owens
and Donald Kerr
I'd say of all of these individuals
Donald Kerr's CV
has the greatest
greatest CV and greatest
work history that would lend to UFO legacy
programs this being CIA, DS&T
SAIC
NRO, the MITRE Corporation
etc. I'd be real interested
to hear from more about
Don Kerr's work in legacy program operations
and gosh
I'd be really interested to speak to Oki Shannon
as well of course we saw in the ATP
notes from 85 we see look to Don
Kerr for influence and money
and earlier in
those notes I didn't include this in the video
there's Don K slash
dash ET with a couple other names
now is this Don
Kerr most likely and why
ET was there other information
spoken about Don Kerr at this
advanced theoretical physics working group
at BDM's facility in McLean, Virginia
that was held one year
after Stubblebine joined BDM
I would certainly like to know more
and also I know I said
earlier in the video that I have found Denise
McKenzie in attempted to main contact
I've heard nothing yet
I'd really like to speak to her to learn more
I've also found Mr. Stuart Stanley
and I've tried to reach out to him
nothing yet either so
kind of the running theme with this video
and as we said in the beginning SAIC
has really seemed to stay in the shadows
why that is
I think they've really maintained a lower profile
than companies like Northrop Grumman
and Lockheed Martin and maintained a lower profile
than even some of the other low profile guys
like DNA, like Rand
etc
so I hope if anything this video just brings to light
some of the involvement of SAIC
and not only just do a full legacy programs
but also black budget operations
and some secretive work
I mean SAIC
from its inception
being staffed with high level individuals
such as Bobby Ray Inman has had
numerous
numerous high level intelligence and military individuals
the way this has been explained to me in the past
as some individuals who work in UFO
legacy programs within the DOD
or IC
they'll trade in their stripes and stars for a pinstripe suit
and essentially
these guys will go from working on UFO
legacy programs within official
United States government and DOD avenues
and intelligence avenues
to doing the same thing on a corporate payroll
and you'd imagine
with a lot of these gatekeepers we talked about
Sean Kirkpatrick included
a lot of these guys would either go on to work at SAIC
after
service in the U.S. DOD or IC
or before
worked in SAIC
this reminds me of John Doichu
before he joined the
joined us DepsecDef
and spearheaded SAPOC SRG
and SAPOC itself
he was already on the board of SAIC
and already working with TRW
and how about that I know in the Northrop video
we talked quite a bit about TRW
TRW was of course purchased by Lockheed Martin
in the early 2000s and
another connection to the Wilson Davis notes
TRW had also been
kind of
convicted and pursued legally for
overcharging on space
systems on space projects by the
U.S. DOD in the early 90s
and in that Northrop project I kind of
tied that together
with some of the near out auditing
that almost found out some of the
DOD UAP legacy programs
so that's interesting as well that so many of these individuals
also have connections to TRW
of course with TRW
have the old Zodiac story and so forth
by pseudonym Sedgemasters
Richard Dolan's done some incredible
work on that I'd love to work with him someday
to revisit Zodiac
but I'll leave my rant there
I do hope again that this is a springboard
for more research into
SAIC UFO legacy programs
I would like to hear more stories
of
ARV and SAIC tied together
and I would like to hear more material
exploitation programs and craft housing
because
I'm going to say this in the end of my videos every time
if you are
an individual who has had
experience first hand
or have second hand knowledge on UFO legacy programs
this be crash retrieval or material exploitation
please
email me at UAPGIRB
at protonmail.com
I've switched away from a Gmail account
I've had some wise advice that this wouldn't
necessarily be a secure method to receive such
communication so UAPGIRB
at protonmail.com
and guys please remember to like and subscribe
every like every subscription
every view every comment helps tremendously
and like I say in
every single video I do have a Patreon
I don't gate keep content there's nothing
special on there that you won't get for free
here but
I say that to support the channel
for what you think it's worth
but again no content gate kept there
a lot of exciting projects coming up
maybe one interview I'm going to do that
I would really really like to do
but this just the first project
in a long list of many
new projects with the revitalized setup
with continued
attempts to get better at
recording editing and so forth so
we'll always put my best foot forward for you guys
again remember to like and subscribe
join the Patreon if you think it's
this channel is worth anything and
if you have any direct knowledge UAPGIRB
at protonmail.com with that guys
I will catch everybody on the next episode
and thank you so much for watching
peace everybody
