So Lockheed Martin wanted to divest itself from this material at a specific facility
that's known to me that I provided to the inspector general, um, like street address,
all that shit, right?
And the idea was if they made a catcher's mitt, a security catcher's mitt for this shit,
you know, most serious set possible, the contractor and the other government customer, which was
the central intelligence agency, um, for that specific Lockheed material.
And it was shit that they recovered from like the fifties and stuff.
It was like bits and pieces of, of, of, of like hall structure or shit like that.
How could in, so if an aerospace, and I've heard this theory from very informed people,
I don't think it's a theory.
It sounds true that if there are crash materials and apparently there, there are those reside
in the custody of not the US government, but of contractors that work for the US government
aerospace defense contract, right?
McDonald Douglas, Lockheed, et cetera.
My kids actually asked the same question and whenever I go on to business trips, I come
home to ask me, how are the aliens?
Did I see the aliens?
Things like that.
So yeah, do the aliens exist?
That's a question for another time, but in terms of what we work on, yes, we do work
on classified projects.
In the field of ufology, Lockheed Martin, the US's biggest and most advanced aerospace
and defense corporation, has been intimately woven with the study of UFOs.
From reverse engineering attempts to material storage, Lockheed's name comes up again and
again and again, and is specifically name dropped by credible individuals like David
Grush and Gary Nolan, who we just saw.
My friends, let's waste no time.
I am your host, UAPGurve, and join me today as we analyze Lockheed Martin's deep history
of UFOs and utilize facts and records to uncover this infamous piece of the military
industrial complex's true involvement with the phenomenon.
In 2021, late former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said during a New York Times interview,
quote, I was told for decades that Lockheed had some of these retrieved materials.
I tried to get, as I recall, a classified approval by the Pentagon to have me go look
at the stuff.
They would not approve that.
I don't know what all the numbers were, what kind of classification it was, but they would
not give that to me.
Before we try and uncover what Senator Reid was referencing, let's review some of Lockheed's
accomplishments, so we understand just how advanced this company is.
With annual revenues around the 60s of billions of US dollars, over half of Lockheed's annual
sales go to, of course, the DOD and DOE, and has completed feats of military engineering
marvels, such as the creation of the SR-71 Blackbird, the F-22 Raptor, the F-16, and
the F-17 Nighthawk.
Lockheed has also contributed greatly to the space age of man, creating space shuttle
propellants, designing manned maneuvering units for spacewalks, and landed key contributions
to satellite creations, and much, much more.
And we are all deeply familiar with the famed Skunkworks division that is intertwined with
DOD's special access programs, where top secret projects are conducted that result
in vehicles that fly at Mach 3.2 at 100,000 feet, such as the SR-71, or the production
of the first stealth fighter in the F-117.
But what about projects deeper, or in an even more classified setting than the already shadowy
Skunkworks?
Lockheed Martin is legendary for having so much lore and whistleblowers surrounding the
company's Black Division, but with an astonishingly thin paper trail and available evidence.
You know me guys, we will do whatever it takes to critically analyze and separate fact from
fiction, but going into this know that we don't have the same sort of records available
to us as we did for Battelle.
Lockheed Martin was not working closely with USAF and ATIC to investigate UFOs, and we don't
have an exact paper trail of when Lockheed got UAP material or craft.
So we will have to do our best to analyze all of the evidence.
We'll start by reviewing some of the perplexing claims made by actual Lockheed Martin employees
and head scientists, and yes, there are multiple and quite a few to review.
Most who are familiar with Lockheed's connection to UFOs know about Ben Rich.
The second Lockheed Skunkworks director and the father of the F-117.
Just I'm sure as you guys know about his famed 1993 UCLA speech, where he allegedly stated,
quote, we already have the means to travel among the stars.
But these technologies are locked up in Black projects, and it would take an act of God
to ever get them out to benefit humanity.
Anything you can imagine, we already know how to do.
I'm not here to push any unsubstantiated claims to back my thesis, guys.
So did you know there's actually no video or audio evidence of Ben saying this?
This is not to claim this quote is fabricated or that Rich wasn't interested in UFOs,
but these quotes are recorded by author Linda Moulton-Howell,
who is known to take some report of liberties.
However, this exact quote appears to be confirmed in a 2010 MUFON article by one Tom Keller.
But quite the contrary, on the 10th of July 1986,
one John Alexander wrote to director Rich to expand on his statement of being a, quote,
believer in UFOs. Andrew proposes that there are two categories of UFO and is interested
to get Rich's thoughts, man-made and extraterrestrial vehicles.
In a response letter, Ben Rich replies, quote,
Dear John, yes, I'm a believer in both categories.
I feel everything is possible. Many of our man-made UFOs are unfunded opportunities.
In both categories, there are a lot of kooks and charlatans.
Be cautious. Best regards, Ben Rich.
Guys, please give me a congratulations for being able to decipher that cursive. It was not easy.
The only discussion I can find around Rich's mentioned UCLA speech are some remarks made by
MUFON director Jan Harzan, who actually attended the conference and can confirm some things that
Rich said. He ended his talk with a slide of a black disc zipping off an outer space.
And he ended it with these words, we now have the technology to take ET home.
And the entire place broke up laughing. And Tom and I just looked at each other and said,
did he really just say that? And are these people really not getting that what he's saying is real?
So someone else asked the same question. So finally he just said, he said, well,
he said, let me ask you a question. Do you think it's possible to travel to the stars?
He asked this about a particular engineer who had asked him a question about his career.
And the engineer said, well, I don't know, it just took a long time to get there.
He said, no, it wouldn't. We've found an error in the equations and we now know how to travel to
the stars. So we can't really confirm or deny Rich's supposed disclosure, but we can say that he
did have an interest and understanding of man made versus non human intelligence UFOs.
And next we have Don Phillips, who was an ex Lockheed Skunkworks,
USAF and CIA contractor who told his story through Steven Greer's disclosure project in 2001.
And this is when Greer was still doing largely respectable work to push disclosure.
Phillips directly claimed that Lockheed has extraterrestrial technology and quote,
tremendous technological advances have come from their study.
He also claimed in his interview with Greer, the US military did in fact acquire UFO craft from
Roswell Lockheed, quote, really did put the technology to work. And Lockheed was intimately
involved with anti gravity research. All of these things Phillips claimed. But frustratingly,
vetting Phillips claimed background with Skunkworks and CIA has proved to be impossible for me.
The only mention of Phillips I can find is a paper clipping from July 29, 1965,
which confirms Phillips role in the Air Force as well as mentions him as a graduate of Pierce
College. And fun fact guys, this is the same college that we can actually factually verify
Bob Lazar went to. So analyze Phillips statements as you will. Personally, I view his role with
Lockheed from a skeptical lens. I need verifiable proof that his role within the company was
legitimate before I can judge more. However, some of the things he says about anti gravity,
Roswell and reverse engineering UAP technology lines up almost exactly with some of the other
gentlemen we're going to hear from. And next we move on to a controversial but very verifiable
figure, Boyd Bushman. Bushman's deathbed claims of working on UAP R&D for Lockheed released in
2014 and have become stuff of legend for UFO researchers. In this video, Boyd states that
debris and materials were recovered from crash recoveries plural in New Mexico, likely Roswell
and maybe the Kingman Arizona crash. He comments on the company's work with anti gravity and states
his work on UAP craft concluded that these craft contain three key elements in their makeup,
telluride, germanium and palladium. Worthy to note is that these materials Bushman suggests
comprised UAP could be used to create a thermoelectrical slash photovoltaic generator with a semiconductor
and capacitor as pure germanium was the first metallic material to become a superconductor
in the presence of an electromagnetic field. Palladium is crucial to capacitors and telluride
alloys have thermoelectric or photovoltaic properties. This isn't crucial to know you don't
need to be a material scientist but this sort of material science led some credence to what
Bushman claimed. Please feel free to view the whole testimony, of course the video will be in
the description but I want to focus on Bushman himself. Boyd is a verified senior specialist
and top secret SEI SAP cleared employee that served in Lockheed department 610-8,
the special programs division. In 1999, Bushman came under FBI investigation for suspicious foreign
contact. Lockheed became concerned about the potential of Boyd sharing sensitive information
with what appears to be contacts in Prague and it's unknown if all of this contact was UAP related
but from our investigation it looks like Boyd was contacting members in Prague to learn more
about anti-gravity. Bushman was awarded numerous patents including strangely in 1997
a patent for a device that creates a magnetic monopole beam that emits pulses, levitates,
degausses, stops electronics and separates materials. Monopoles currently are not proven
to exist in the public or physics sector and are an incredibly interesting topic. I recommend
checking out this video by PBS spacetime if you want to learn more about magnetic monopoles
but Boyd was the real deal right? Well yeah except for the alien bodies he showed in photographs.
The tiny looking gray creature can be traced back to a toy model originally claimed by an above
top secret forum thread in 2008 to be a Kmart Halloween decoration from the late 1990s. No
verifiable evidence can be drawn to the toys listing however this is not a great look for
Bushman. Whether purposeful or accidental disinformation I'm not sure but with the presence
of the two we are faced with three options that some government agency had some toy company that
made models make up alien toys that appeared similar to the real aliens that resided in Area 51
or Groom Lake so that if photos were ever leaked like they were with Bushman they could leak photos
of the toy as a way to discredit any whistleblower. Option two is that the photo of the model alien
was given to Bushman in order to discredit him and take away from his story and three of course
Boyd purposefully pushed the photo of the toy for whatever reason and now we arrive to the last
and probably the best and most credible speaker with regards to employment in Lockheed, Bernard
Haish. PhD astrophysicist Haish performed astonishing work for Lockheed including the
publishing of a paper for the Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center with physicist Hal
Putoff. The paper focused on zero point energy of the quantum vacuum. The study specifically
looked at one or more resonant frequencies that may be associated with quantum vacuum interaction
for propulsion purposes. I'll mention this again soon so keep that study in mind.
In 2001 Haish wrote an essay titled Black Special Access Programs. He had created a site
called UFOSkeptic.org. Don't let this site name fool you he just wanted scientists to come together
to analyze UAP with a little bit more of a critical lens. To respect our time I am just
going to summarize this article I'm not going to read the whole thing but Haish essentially confirms
the world we came to know in 2023 with the revelations of David Grush that these black
special access programs on crash retrieval and reverse engineering can be quite independent
of any given administration and it's unrealistic to think that Freedom of Information Act requests
and even presidential administrations can penetrate and read into these programs that over time these
black budget programs become extremely independent and to trace their origin instead of intelligence
they most likely fall under the office of the Undersecretary for Defense for Acquisition Technology
and Logistics. What is even more astounding however are the comments Haish made to the public
in 2018 after the existence of ATIP was revealed to the American public. He said quote the following
is conjecture sources tell me that this is merely the tip of the iceberg a group of four related but
separate unacknowledged SCI programs tracing back to a 1947 Truman memorandum still exist and were
housed as of the 1990s guys remember the Wilson Davis Memo and the reorganization of SAPs in that
time in major aerospace companies such as for example Lockheed, TRW, Raytheon, Aerospace Corps,
etc these would be expensive programs since the cost of secrecy can be several times higher than
research the ATIP program has no relation to these four much better funded deep black ones
indeed the black programs collectively have budgets in the 10 billion range and up topics
apparently include both reverse engineering and extraterrestrial biology the ATIP did find
the UFO crash retrieval program via official channels but was denied access to it because
ATIP itself is not a SAP. Senator Harry Reid petitioned the DOD to confer SAP status to ATIP
but the DOD denied his request and lastly guys while not a Lockheed employee let's take a look at
USAF Master Sergeant Edgar Fausch. Fausch has made some astounding statements on Lockheed with
some really weird evidence to back it. In 1998 the Master Sergeant states he temporarily worked
at the Defense Advanced Research Center, DARSE, in 1979 which he claims is a facility beneath
Groom Lake with at least 10 underground stories. Fausch states he was recruited to DARSE while
working at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory at Edwards Air Force Base. He claimed that triangular craft
had been reverse engineered by UAP contracted by none other than Lockheed Martin. The Sergeant
coined the now famous term the TR-3B which is synonymous with human-made reverse engineered
triangular shaped craft and states three prototypes have been reverse engineered by efforts at
Sandia and Livermore dating back to the early 1990s and was the first attempt at a gravity
warping craft. What is truly wild here is we can confirm not only Fausch's military record but also
the fact he was actually stationed at the famed Area 51. Look here guys Ed was assigned to Debt-3
AFFTC which is the organization at the Air Force Flight Test Center responsible for operations
at Area 51 Groom Lake but of course Ed's line because the DARSE, the Defense Advanced Research
Center is not part of DARPA right? Well look guys a declassified study from the Advanced Research
Project Agency ARPA shows advanced aerospace projects were performed by Warner Von Braun's team
at the Army Ballistic Missile Agency ABMA. A draft by the DOD directive shows the ABMA was
considered for a transfer into a quote defense advanced research center that would be inherently
linked to JPL. It's unconfirmed if DARSE was actually created and if any advanced
aerospace concepts from Von Braun made their way there but look guys DARSE is actually a theoretical
place. As mentioned by Bushman, Haish, and Phillips Lockheed has engaged with some incredibly
strange and exotic technologies that appear like they're straight out of science fiction.
Can we confirm any of this work like anti-gravity or strange propulsion methods?
Well in 1955 physicist Lou Witten states that he was recruited by one George Trimble the current
VP for aviation and advanced propulsion systems at the Glenn L. Martin Company. The Glenn L.
Martin Company eventually evolved into Martin Marietta which merged with Lockheed in 95.
Anyways Witten states that he was recruited into the Research Institute for Advanced Studies,
the RIAS. Witten stated that Trimble recruited him to help develop anti-gravity and in 2013
actually stated that the team discovered techniques to harness anti-gravity in this project. Witten
suggested several ideas were tested including utilizing an isotope of bismuth but he does not
expand on this. And shocking enough we actually have the journal evidence to prove that this
research took place. And if you want to see Lou Witten talk about this look at the link I've
provided and go to about an hour 49-22. The anti-gravity rabbit hole runs deep way deeper than
the discussion by Bushman Phillips and Fausch. I'll cover this in another time guys because
the anti-gravity starting on about 1955 this research is fascinating. But remember how I
mentioned in 1998 Hesh and Putoff published a paper on zero point energy in the quantum vacuum?
If you don't know real fast zero point energy is the lowest possible energy level or ground state
in a quantized electromagnetic field which interacts with a physical system of particles.
In a quantum vacuum vacuums must always crackle with fluctuations in the quantum field that fill
these never-ending fluctuations imbue every field with some minimum amount of energy known as the
zero point energy. Guys you don't need to pay attention to that just know that this is pretty
breakthrough stuff but theoretically impossible zero point energy. But if you look to 2017 inventor
Salvador Pais and the naval air station were awarded a patent for a similar concept for a
triangular shaped craft that utilize specific frequencies to interact with the quantum vacuum
and generate anti-gravitic capabilities. Sounds like UAP right? Well on the 22nd of August 1998
now retired Lieutenant Colonel Ron Blackburn of Lockheed Martin Skunkworks and co-founder of the
ATP group at BDM International was awarded a patent for technology that increased aerodynamic
and hydrodynamic efficiency of a vehicle in motion that includes a sketch of a disc.
Several years later Blackburn states on a podcast he reverse engineered the capabilities to eliminate
sonic booms at high speeds by using videos of disc-shaped craft he had access to. Guys think
about this this has multiple of the observables of UAP by Lou Elizondo the ability to operate in
trans-medium remember the hydrodynamic and aerodynamic efficiency as well as travel at
mock speeds without the presence of a sonic boom this sounds like UAP technology.
Guys this is a UAP group video so let's analyze all the documents we can. Believe it or not Lockheed
has had some interesting encounters with official USG record keeping such as this 1953 UFO sighting
where Lockheed test pilots and ground crew observe a flying disc with anomalous acceleration
characteristics three men also swore this sighting as testimony the sighting was submitted to
bluebook but was never listed again curiously and guys think back to my video on the Wilson Davis
memo where Wilson Davis states the watch committee of the Black UFO crash retrieval and reverse
engineering program he discovered within the SAP logs told him they were almost outed due to an
audit well check this out guys on the 24th of July 1986 the director of the US general accounting
office GAO's national security and international affairs division Frank C. Conahan testified
at a subcommittee on oversight and investigation Conahan stated that Lockheed exhibited a poor
document control system over classified special access documents and had zero oversight from the
DOD program office it was then that the GAO stated the defense investigation service was
actually not allowed to conduct the semi-annual inspects of the aerospace contract in question
and 1460 discrepancies were found in an inventory of 40 000 documents with Lockheed an estimated 46
documents were destroyed and 17 were transferred out of the company and were never discovered
guys this sounds extremely suspicious the poor document control system of Lockheed and somehow
missing 46 documents and a full 1460 discrepancies well this strangeness and Lockheed's hand in deep
special access programs above even DOD oversight does not end here in June of 2004 former assistant
secretary of housing and urban development Catherine Austin Fitz wrote a paper titled The Black
Budget of the United States this paper says that quote a large proportion of the nation's wealth
is being illegally diverted into secret unaccountable channels to support clandestine domestic
military r&d she states she discovered evidence that Lockheed Martin information systems were
responsible for the obfuscation of justice and may have data on the siphon DOD funds Lockheed at
this time was one of the subcontractors to IBM as hired by the Pentagon to manage systems that
failed a GAO audit so we have to think all of this taking place all of Lockheed's kind of
shadiness around DOD and mistracking of funds are they involved with the audit as spoke about in
the Wilson Davis memo and to add the icing on top here guys in 2000 commander Will Miller yes the
same Miller from the Wilson Davis memo told attorney Peter Gersten that senior government
officials such as a DIA director are isolated from UAP knowledge quote the keepers of the secrets
reside in DOD middle management and civilian contractors like SAIC Boeing and Lockheed and
are basically the comptrollers who monitor the flow of money to certain classified and special
access programs black triangles are a legendary shape of UFO seen for decades and are the responsible
craft behind the 1989 Belgian UFO wave well what if I told you that there's a paper trail of evidence
that suggests this black triangle commonly known as the TR3B is actually a Lockheed Martin UAP
reverse engineering program called project Astra Aurora the first mention we can find of Aurora is
in the Department of Defense's fiscal year 1986 and 1987 where 80 million was planned to be spent
on an Aurora program in 86 and 2.3 billion in 87 for reference this was more than double the cost
of the b2 spirit bomber in fact in 1997 John Greenwald of the black vault inquired into Aurora
but was denied any sort of access then in the late 1990s we can go back to author Nick Cook of the
hunt for zero point who interviewed former head of Lockheed Martin Skunkworks Jack Gordon while
leading the plant in Palmdale Nick Cook saw a large chart illustrating the lineage of every
Skunkworks aircraft since the XP80 past the Dark Star which is the plane in the film Top Gun Maverick
there was something called Astra an ultra high-speed reconnaissance craft that looked triangular in
shape and it looked similar to some of the triangle seen in Belgium in the early 90s and when Cook
asked Gordon was flustered and denied Astra was anything but an old airliner and while we're
here let's not forget about the triangle shaped craft Fausch claimed Lockheed possession was actively
reverse engineering at Darse and do you guys remember the release of the Calvin UFO photo in
2022-2023 which was taken in Scotland and depicts a large triangle diamond shaped UFO that was
referenced by the British Ministry of Defense well if you look closely at former project Condon
that was the Ministry of Defense's official UFO investigation program the Calvin UFO photo is listed
as Astra slash Aurora photos among other 35 millimeter slides that don't appear on this last
file this could be very significant as in this same M.O.D. Condon report the Brits were interested
in investigating UAP sourced from USG contractor projects and this Aurora slash Astra may be listed
here was even more interesting to note this Condon report took special interest of triangle
sightings as seen here in the executive summary page of the report and it appears the British
had taken a keen interest in Aurora or Astra as a USG UAP triangle craft reverse engineered
because back in the 22nd of December 1992 the British Embassy in Washington DC
wrote to a assistant chief of air staff in London regarding the USG's reaction to triangular UAP
citing specifically a sighting that occurred three years earlier by a British royal observer
core member this investigation into USAF caused quote considerable irritation by the Brits and
the British officials who monitored the USG reaction are quoted as saying Secretary of the
Air Force Donald B. Rice was to say the least incensed by the renewed speculation that he had
lied to Congress by stating that Aurora did not exist so as we can see guys a lot more work needs
to be done investigating Aurora slash Astra but these strings connect triangular shaped craft to
both Lockheed Martin and USAF and that the British M.O.D had a keen interest in finding out what the
heck these things were. What's up guys I hope you enjoyed this look into Lockheed Martin and UAPs
as you can see after watching this video there are a ton of public figures who make
pretty bold claims about Lockheed and while these claims are most likely true as confirmed by Grush
and other key people it's really hard to actually get to the bottom of this if you see our paper
trail is not exceedingly long we have Lockheed Martin interacting with Blue Book in the 50s and
we have our audit trail that you know very likely is involved with the audit mentioned in the Wilson
Davis memo that the watch committee had to basically reorganize SAP status in the 90s to
hide themselves better but what do you guys think is is Lockheed as much of a player in
the reverse engineering and material exploitation of UAP as Patel I personally think so yes but
they are just a lot harder to track down as our nation's largest defense contractor I imagine
they have some pretty darn good record systems too keep stuff like this out what did you guys
think of the witnesses I'd say order of most credible to least credible we got Bernard Haish
Boyd Bushman and Don Phillips Don Phillips it's unfortunate I can't verify his background so
it's really hard for me to take his word as gospel Boyd Bushman a really interesting witness says
some interesting things but the toy alien I more analysis needs to be done there but quite frankly
I'm not sure where to go from there but in addition the Aurora Astra could be its own
hour long documentary but I just wanted to do a a summary an overview of what's going on because
there's a lot more to Aurora Astra including aerospace illustrator Mark McCandlish seen something
called the TR3B or the triangular shaped craft in Lockheed Martin while leaving a facility and so
forth so there's a lot more to dive into guys maybe I'll do that someday but I need a little bit
more information on Aurora Astra some concrete information to make another video because this
video is a lot of speculation for for what I like pushing the boundaries of speculation versus fact
but this was an exhausting list of facts and data to make so please give a like and subscribe and I
will catch you guys on the next show and before you go in victory or defeat I support the best
athlete in the world Alexander Volkanovsky goodbye everybody
