Okay.
What?
All right. I think we're live. Let me see. Let's check on the phone.
What up, Martin? How you doing, man? We are live. Awesome.
What up, Brandon? How you doing, man? What are you guys up to?
I'm going to wait for some people to filter in,
and then I kind of wanted to touch on some of the new interests around the Wilson Davis document and the fat rodents Chaco Martin.
What's up? Hey, guys. So, yeah, we'll just wait for a couple people to filter in.
We'll talk about the new Wilson Davis revelations because I also really want to touch on what Eric Davis said.
And I'm sure a lot of you guys have heard of that. And then the Ross Colt Hart AMA. I found it pretty interesting.
Yeah, I kind of want to review two possible sources of that 2004 JSOC on program action.
What's up, Bertie? I don't know if I've seen you in lives before. So what's going on?
While we're gearing up, I do want to talk about if everybody can just keep Mr. Ryan Wood in their minds.
As you guys probably learned about two days ago, Dr. Robert Wood has passed on.
I know recently he suffered some sort of medical complications, and I know talking with Ryan, I think his father's passing came as somewhat of a surprise.
So if you can keep him in your mind, and if you guys can let me know if you've watched Dr. Robert Wood's video on the DPI,
but in Stephen Greer's 2001 kind of video set, you can find it on SiriusDisclosure.com.
I highly recommend watching that as kind of Ryan touched on the video as a McDonnell Douglas aircraft rocket scientist.
Actually, this man was incredibly accomplished. He kind of talked to his superiors.
When are we going to figure out gravity manipulation technology before Lockheed Martin does?
And he was given a task, met up with Stanton Friedman, but was basically denied access.
So he was a big friend of Stanton Friedman. Let's go through some of these questions and so forth.
Bertie, yes, almost 10k. Hope so soon, man. That'd be awesome. I can't believe this. I started this channel out.
Maybe we'll talk about the origins of the channel a little bit. This is actually quite funny. Let me go through this.
Will O'Malley retain? Yes, he's going to knock Marabba out in the early rounds.
And then if Taporio beats, I don't even want to hear it. This man still should be champ.
If Taporio beats Holloway, which I don't think he will, I'd like to see O'Malley knock out Taporio.
What's up, Quitter? Bertie? Yes, sir. Hey, and Cody, thank you so much, man. I really appreciate that.
But what's the most compelling evidence? Yeah, let's talk about that too.
Real fast about Mr. Robert Wood. Ryan, actually, when he and I met, because before we did our video online,
he and I actually had met up in person because he lives quite close to me in Colorado.
I shared a coffee talk for like three and a half hours. I'm so gracious for his time.
He has a lot of interest in kind of the gravity manipulation research that Ross Colthart has talked about stemming from the 50s and so on.
So I hope to have Ryan back on about that sort of project.
There's a really good article, and I believe the drive about the 50s gravity manipulation studies.
So I'll also link that. But what's the most compelling piece of evidence the MJ12 docs are real?
I might say the surrounding the Eisenhower briefing document, the Truman Forest Hall memo, the Cutler Twining memo,
and Nathan Twining's White Hot Report. I think those are very interesting.
There's so much good information around the Eisenhower briefing document.
I want to return to the Majestic 12 as well soon. I know you guys are familiar with Grant Cameron.
We'll talk about him in a little bit as we discuss the Wilson Davis memo.
In his files with UFO researcher Bill Moore, I've actually found some new Majestic documents I've never seen before, dated to the 80s.
So maybe in a little bit when I share my screen and we go through some stuff, we'll throw that up too, because this specific Majestic documents talks about EBEs.
So, you know, I don't know if you guys back earlier this year, Grant Cameron released his files.
I highly recommend going through those. Maybe I can link them, including a big file set on the current project I'm working at, hoping to get out this week.
We do have the, you know what, now that you mentioned that, of course we have Ben Rich, but now we have Dr. Jim Ryder, as mentioned in imminent, and Lou Elizondo.
So Dr. Jim Ryder, I've actually been kind of looking into him a little bit behind the scenes with a couple of my friends.
He was in the Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center or Division, ATC Advanced Technology Center.
On Lockheed's media stories, there are only ever two, there have only ever been two documents surrounding Dr. Jim Ryder.
One of which was, one of which was a press release on some carbon nanotube material.
And another one was on, another one was on, sorry, I'm trying to remember.
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, Lockheed Martin Advanced Technology Center and a deal with DARPA to make a more substantial satellite network.
I've been here, I know, Brady, you've been here since day one, man. I remember the first video I ever put out had the Wilson Davis video.
We had like, I remember I was counting up the views on that every time I'd see one of the extra view and I'd get so happy.
I am so sick of all these guys with the shady behind the scenes stories we need to hear and subpoena all these characters like Davis and put off, make them testify.
So all these rumors once and for all, I agree with that in terms of Eric Davis.
He seems to be very selective when he likes to weigh in about the phenomenon and so forth.
Eric Davis will stay quiet for a very extended period of time and then just come online to say that Lou Elizondo is fooey and something like that.
I'd like to hear more about him and as we'll talk about in a little bit, it's interesting to hear him comment on the Wilson Davis memo.
You know, even in his comment, there's some stuff that, you know, at least talking to James Rigney, the man who kind of brought the memo to Grant Cameron is a little inaccurate.
So I would like to see Eric Davis subpoenaed.
Jimmy Shoe, thank you so much. I really appreciate that. I really appreciate that.
How do you think the Lockheed team killed the JSEC guys training or exotic equipment?
Well, we will dive into that in just a little bit because as you know, I think a lot of this is getting connected with John Stewart and his supposed 2023.
I think it was December 2023, but I have the files up. We'll go through it on the screen.
We'll actually go through the whole exchange that John Stewart posted.
But remember, remember this, remember Michael Herrera's insider submitted a document that was supposed to be a play on Dobser similar to secret machines by Tom DeLonge.
This manuscript called Sentinels of Ether covers a blue on blue black program team killing JSEC members in 2004 in none other than Koyame, Mexico with conventional weaponry.
So we'll talk about that.
Yeah.
So there was an experimental in the submarine in the fifties or sixties that used magnetic fields to operate and wasn't a classified project.
I haven't heard of that T hammer. If you have a link, I would really, really like to go into that.
You like that, pal? I know you like that.
My lady got that for me. It's signed by Volk and everything. So that was a true treat to get and this is going to be the centerpiece.
I have a couple of other things to hang up. I got a Joey made me a custom printed logo. I need to get that up and have another Bob reactor drawing.
And of course, I have the framed Michael drawing. I got to get up Michael Herrera's when he drew the ARV.
So I need to get get that up.
Will you ever do a video? Yeah, absolutely. I read the 4chan whistleblower a lot.
Any of you guys who aren't familiar with that, the crux of his argument or testimony is that deep underwater, there is a basically purpose built UAP production craft hamburger shaped.
I believe it is. It's enormous.
And apparently this builds UAP to spec and part of the reason that UAP is crash, according to this man's testimony is this this custom specking machine doesn't really care what happens to the to the craft.
So yeah, I actually really want to go through that line by line by line because there's so much interesting stuff there.
Everything from talking about orbs and how he says the underlying structure behind these orbs people see is almost like a like a hammer shape, right?
If you if you've read that to the underground basis, he touches on implants.
And of course, implants are kind of the big ticket item now with Lou commenting on them.
Then speaking of Lou, what are you guys thinking of imminent?
I still haven't read it yet, if I'm being honest, I got a lot of other projects I'm working on.
I do hope to talk to Lou soon.
So if that's the case, you guys, my community, let's bump heads and let's figure out how to talk to him different than all of these from his Joe Rogan appearance to his all of his other appearances just talking about imminent
and kind of the atyp all that stuff.
I would like to dig into the origins of that a little bit more if I talked to him.
And I would also like to talk more about crash retrievals and so forth.
Of course, in imminent, he talks about the December 6, I mean, December 1950 crash retrieval near El Indio Guerrera near Del Rio, Texas.
Those of you will know that that is only mentioned in the Eisenhower briefing document.
So that could be a huge validating piece of the majestic documents to find out a little bit more about that case.
So signed by Volk. Yes, it is. And bought by your lady. Yes, it is.
We are a Volkanovsky household. She knows that whenever it's time for Volk to fight that I'll need complete silence because if he loses, which he hasn't because anytime he's lost, it's been CGI.
I'll have a mental breakdown.
So Snapple, how did you, how did I not find your channel before?
Insanely, I appreciate that. I really appreciate that.
We're still early, man. We're still just starting up.
I think first video was in mid to late January and that was on the Wilson Davis memo, which is very timely.
If you've watched that video, I think I was extremely ill when I made it, had a nasty cold and was working on a like $10 Amazon mic.
So it sounds horrendous. I don't think there's any music or real production value.
I don't think I showed my face in that.
So, you know, maybe at a year, we'll revisit that topic and get a, get a bigger type of analysis on the Wilson Davis need to dive more into Lou's relationship with Bigelow.
Yes. And Bigelow's plan to receive materials given from Lockheed Martin as highlighted in Kona Blue.
So I think that's a great one. If any of you guys have questions, so I'm not saying anything set in stone, but if I get to talk to Lou, if you guys have questions that
branch out a little bit from his regular media appearances, let me know and I'll kind of factor that in.
Again, if you weren't here yet, I do plan to talk more about crash retrievals.
I sent you a Gmail. Are you possibly, I'm super behind on my emails. I'm sorry, guys. I have so many to go through and I try to respond to each one very thoughtfully.
So if I haven't read your email yet, I promise I'm getting through the list. I'm so sorry.
I know a lot of other productions have like a team or moderators. It's just me on this and that's kind of how I liked it.
I want to make sure I interface and speak to everybody here what they have to say. So if I'm behind, I'm very sorry, guys.
Big dog. Hey, Lou, did MJ12? That's a great question. Yeah. Yeah, I'd like to ask him straight up.
I know Lou likes to answer questions he can't talk about in a bit of a roundabout way.
I don't really kind of confirm or deny anything or even give the classic intelligence line like I can't comment on that.
So I would like to figure some good ways to structure subjects such as that.
A Volk poster. Your girl have a sister.
Well, thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that. Spectre you the man. Thank you very much.
Volk should have been double champ. Pride rules.
Don't get me started on that. Let's see the difference between Volk and Islam in the fifth round and the second fight with CGI.
Is there any known case of a UAP crash in 2004? I know that I know there is the Tic Tac case, but that's not a crash.
That is a good question. And like we'll talk about we have two origins and two kind of stories surrounding the 2004 JSOC team.
In John Stewart's source, they talk about a crash retrieval in the Sentinels of Ether story. It talks about trafficking humans.
So I'm not quite sure. But I again, I'd like to pay attention to the Sentinels of Ether because remember that location in which this event takes place.
Kuyama, Mexico. And we have covered a case with a story of a team that a Mexican national military team that died trying to transport the vehicle.
It does. I hope I've answered. Yes, I have answered your priority. I'm very sorry if I'm slow on them.
So Pina Davis put off Elizondo Sheehan, Nell Mellon. I think Nell is one of the most interesting people to talk to about this topic.
I have myself, I've spoken to Chris Mellon a few times. I tried to invite him on for an interview. He had to decline for the moment.
Hopefully we can get that in the future. I would really like to hear more from Chris Mellon.
So do you have any comment on Hans Kamler? He was in charge of the Nazi secret weapon and only was recently revealed, was taken into custody after US custody.
Yeah, where did, hold on, where did I hear that? I was talking to somebody. Yes, I was talking to somebody about this in terms of.
Yeah, I was talking to a friend about this, that there are some documents stating that Kamler was actually alive.
I think this relates to a supposed Nazi base that was explored post-World War II near the Czech Republic that was revisited about 40 years later.
I have to check my notes on that, but that is ringing a bell.
Andrea, I love your videos. I've got my mom on to them. Thank you. I hope your mom enjoys them.
Structure question. Lou, if someone kept D, I don't know, any alleged recoveries during his tenure with ATIP?
Yes, that's actually a great question. The only one I can really think of is the 2008 Needles, California crash.
And that would of course be right at the time he has joined ATIP. That is a case that was covered by George Knapp.
I would like to cover that in the future. There's not a ton around that case, but I know George Knapp in his reporting commented on some really interesting kind of military presence around that time.
Again, if you haven't heard of that case, it's Needles, California 2008, and I will cover that.
Toby Milo, thank you so much. Would love to see a collab with you and Lou or you and Ross.
Love to see Michael back. Tim Gallaudet likes your stuff. Have him on. Ross is still that dude. I'll tell you that much.
I've reached out to Timothy Gallaudet. He is not doing interviews at the moment, maybe in the future. I'd like to have Lou on.
I'd love to talk to Ross. And with Michael, I'm still investigating his case.
So if there's new stuff to cover, of course, I'd love to talk to Michael again.
Mrs. Floyd, thank you so much. I really appreciate that.
And if young Hannah is watching, tell her I say hi.
MJ12, reworded question. If someone wants to keep digging on MJ12, would they eventually hit pay dirt one way or another?
Good way to put it. I like that. I like that. All right. Peps per-speak cautious.
I can't. You guys know I can't speak.
Did you hear anything from the insider who manages multiple use up facilities about using PLFs and psychotronics to fake alien abductions and blame them on ETs?
No, no, I did not. But however, referencing the Stephen Greer DPI archive, there is witness.
Let's see if I can get this out of my head. 10892.
10892 that talks about being on a retrieval team at Nellis observing a sunflower shaped NHI craft that had landed
and also fake PLF. If you guys don't know what a PLF is, that's a programmable life form.
This person in the DPI archive number 10892 alleges that after his time on a retrieval team, he encountered a programmable life form in a fake abduction.
I have all of those files downloaded because we know Stephen Greer in OPSEC, so I don't know if those operational security, I don't know if those files are going to be taken down.
But so I would like to dive into that case and give it its due diligence.
The documents came out in 2021 that show Hans Kemler was taken into custody.
The OSS agent who took him into US custody said to his son, Kemler had knowledge of weapons that influenced the Cold War in future.
Yes, and that was the correct me if I'm wrong.
And if you're on this subject, that was the location in the Czech Republic where the Nazis supposedly stored some art precious cardio and possibly weaponry.
Well, I do a video on the UAP DA closer to December.
Yeah, I probably should at this point seen as I reference it almost every video, especially the line about legacy programs, the 1954 Atomic Energy Act and classifying UAP materials as trans classified for nuclear materials.
So I would like to do that.
Is the control group headed from NATO outside US?
That's a good question. There is a lot of there's a lot of interesting
roots to go down to say that the control group handling the UAP issue issue isn't necessarily tied to one nation.
If you remember back to 2023, we have Canadian politician Larry McGuire, who wrote to the Canadian Defense Minister requesting to sort of start to divulge UAP information due to the collaboration effort between five eyes nation on the UAP issue.
So we at least know outside of NATO, there's sort of a five eyes effort to study UAP, whether the program, whether that means the program, it extends to all five nations or primarily operated on the United States for quasi national.
I'm not quite sure, but that's a great, great question.
Did you see Eric Davis admitted on Facebook? Yeah, we're about to talk about that.
Mr. Ben, I cannot wait.
That's very, very excited.
The Wilson Davis memo was my first ever video, so I'm happy to revisit it.
Who blazing? I don't know, man, I wouldn't be able to speak if I was blazing.
Max Parr, thank you so much.
You're one of the best researchers out there.
So happy you spend hours you do dedicated to this.
What's your opinion on and you are own national underwater reconnaissance office BTW.
So thank you, Max.
I really appreciate it.
The kind of USO underwater naval aspect of the phenomenon is something I am going down deep rabbit holes to research.
If you watch my off world technologies division, I have studied a specific naval center.
I don't really want to talk about and other naval centers that put to mind that sort of the Navy has a massive vested interest in UAP technology exploitation program.
Or the study of USO.
Earlier in my research, I would solely really only focus on the Air Force and mostly Air Force projects.
Of course, the Air Force paper trail and UAP is so simple to find.
You can just go back to the 50s and look at USAF regulation 200-2.
You can look at any sort of USAF response to any sort of UAP discussion.
But I'm really starting to take a harder look at the Navy.
So with the Navy comes analysis of any sort of underwater reconnaissance office.
Any sort of alleged underwater bases as well.
I was actually talking to Ryan Wood about this.
In his research, he has come across two really interesting spots underwater.
One off the coast of Florida and one off of Catalina Island in California.
So as we move further with this channel, I know I've done the two USO videos.
I really want to dive into more about kind of the Navy and any sort of underwater effort in relation to the phenomenon and USO in particular.
What do you think of the Phil Schneider story?
I haven't.
And thanks again, Max Parr.
I really appreciate that.
Guys, Max Parr is a good friend of mine.
I really appreciate everything he does.
He's a great dude.
What do you think about the Phil Schneider story?
I haven't paid.
I haven't done it.
It's due diligence.
What I do know is that Phil Schneider claimed to have experienced a firefight in underground tunnels with NHI.
And I think fellow soldiers he was with were turned into some sort of goop or just faced horrific weaponry.
And I know he also had a very mysterious death.
Now, that is the extent I know a Phil Schneider.
I would like to look at him someday, you know, maybe he'd be a candidate for a UFO whistler's blur video.
I'm not sure yet.
I always admit when I don't know something that right now my knowledge on Phil Schneider is not great.
Interview with Danny Sheehan might be fruitful.
I would love that.
I don't know if I could talk my friend Jesse Michaels though.
He put out that interview with Sheehan and that's the best.
Now, there is a good chance that very soon Mr. Michaels and I will be together.
So I'd love to maybe just have a discussion with him.
Maybe record it.
And maybe we could talk to Jesse about his experience with Sheehan.
So I think that'd be great.
What does Brady say?
Anyone who has checked out the old interviews on Greer's channel, it's really missing out.
I 100% agree.
Anybody who's listening right now, please go to...
No, I got the website wrong earlier.
Go to DrStevenGreer.com.
Up in the banner there's a link to witness testimony.
There you can find everything from Philip Corso to Robert Wood to...
I think you can even find like Carl Wolfe there and so forth.
You can find a ton of interesting interviews.
Programmed life forms.
They are clones using real ET DNA from down to UFOs.
They clone the beans and put some advanced tech in their brains to control them.
That is an avenue I'd really like to explore.
If you have some documents or just kind of research avenues on PLFs, please send them to me.
UAPGrever.com.
I'll be better about the emails.
I'd really like to learn more, especially as I look into witness 10.
10, 8, 9, 2.
And again, if you want to look at a witness who spoke to Greer about PLFs, 10, 8, 9, 2.
Jim Shoe, I love you too.
I just got done with a skinny bob, an alien deep dive.
Do you believe either of those are legitimate?
I have not done the due diligence into either video.
I know that the alien interview is kind of Jon Stewart's jam.
I'll let him do his thing.
I got to...
I think he's got an interview coming out in December.
So I'll reserve judgment for then.
The skinny bob, I know that's floated around.
I know it's such a contentious thing, but correct me if I'm wrong.
I think some people are inferring that Ross Colthart alluded to skinny bob being a...
maybe skinny bob or other footage in the public domain being legitimate.
So correct me if I'm wrong.
Hans Kamler must have had knowledge about the Magenta 1933 and maybe Germans moved it to Skoda Works.
Okay, yeah, and this might be Skoda Works I'm thinking of.
Speaking of the 1933 crash, I know two guys that are excellent and have so much knowledge on the 33.
So if you guys want to see a revisit of that, this guy has so many connections to Alan Dolos and so forth.
I'd love to revisit that.
Do you think Eric Davis would testify?
I don't know.
Maybe he has behind closed doors, but I really don't know.
I really don't know.
Okay, let's see.
Let's see.
The Wilson Davis is huge confirmation of the fact that Steven Greer...
Yes, thank you.
I know people have been talking about that lately.
This is a confirmation that Steven Greer in 1997 did brief Admiral Thomas Wilson,
a deputy director of the DIA and other politicians on what we can assume is the disclosure briefing document from 2001.
If you guys haven't read that, I'll flash it on screen in just a minute and we can talk about that as well.
It's been said that every deep water deployment that has a nuclear payload has some type of UAP encounter,
every single deployment.
That brings to mind Lou speaking recently of the...
What was it?
Hawk missile?
No, I can't remember what type of missile, but in a retrieval recovery to find the cassette for the missile telemetry data,
a massive UAP rising from the surface and essentially taking the missile.
So that's interesting.
You know what case that stuck with me when I covered USO?
It was the case of the...
I think it was a Tic-Tac in 1950 recorded in Blue Book.
That was like a Tic-Tac or Ovoid shape.
I don't think quite Tic-Tac.
That was just hovering above the surface almost turning the water.
That was almost like vibrating very fast.
For some reason, that particular USO case has really stuck in my head.
Phil Schneider was very sketchy.
His death was very sketchy.
We got to look into that, guys.
I think one time I want to make a video just talking about suspicious deaths of UAP adjacent individuals,
whether that be researchers or whistleblowers.
What comes to mind is James E. McDonald as a primary person I want to talk about.
Two cents.
Thank you very much.
Criminally underserved curves, one of the few genuine nuts and bolts reporters out there.
I really appreciate that.
Super thanks from Miss Hannah Floyd.
Thank you very much.
For those who don't know, this is my lovely girlfriend, C.H.
When is the program coming out?
Hopefully soon.
I know Jesse Michaels has actually watched the program.
I think that Robert Hastings has as well.
Robert Hastings wrote UFOs and nukes.
Hopefully soon.
I know James Fox has just had another kind of investor on the program.
I am beside myself excited to see that.
I really want to watch.
All right, Max Barr.
Isn't it fascinating?
I wonder what underwater assets we're going to be considered for ATIPS Project Interloper.
Yes, for anybody who doesn't know, Project Interloper is Lou referring to kind of entraping UAP with kind of large nuclear signatures.
October, November, according to UFO Twitter.
Okay, let's see.
P. Is this hobby just our way of making the world more exciting after decades of this and an entire planet that could present evidence?
There is still nothing but stories and debunked videos.
No, I do disagree with that.
At this point, at least to me in my research, I don't really factor videos and I know I've covered two videos in the past, but I'm moving away from that.
I think that endless debate is going to circulate around videos.
But I do think even the conversation is expanding so much with Lou Azzando, David Grush, but there is a massive, massive, massive, provable trail of a UFO cover-up, an interest in UFO from USG and other military sources from at least the 1930s for factoring in Magenta.
The difficulty here and why we're stuck with so many stories is disinformation around this subject has been so complete and successful, it is so difficult to unwind this entire topic.
This brings to mind stuff like OPNAV 3820 Air Force Regulation 200-2, which would restrict UFO reporting to certain channels to skirt the balance of Blue Book.
This brings to mind J.L. and Heineck in Blue Book, which would discuss away UAP cases as nothing more than swamp gas or weather balloons.
The famous case there, of course, is the 1955 case where many people in Michigan saw craft that J.L. and Heineck famously said was swamp gas that even at the time Senator Gerald Ford took an interest in.
And all of this extends even towards the modern day with Arrow, right?
We have the Arrow Historical Report Volume 1, which demonstrably lies about some of the witnesses there.
For example, Michael Herrera, it discusses Michael Herrera seeing an extraterrestrial craft in American block ops team.
So even today in 2024, there are official lies by USG elements about the phenomenon and about this topic.
So there is a map and let's not forget the Robertson panel, the Condon Report.
Remember in the Condon Report by Edward Condon out of CU Boulder, which states there's nothing to UFOs, there's nothing there.
There are multiple cases in there such as a 1955 case from an RB-47 jet, which multiple jets in formation saw, I think, a disc shaped UFO.
It was caught on visual and radar and so forth performing insane maneuvers.
And the Condon Report takes a sighting such as this as whatever, it's nothing.
So there's a very provable cover up here for 80 years.
What it is, this is what this is our purpose here.
And we can even look at Roswell.
Remember Roswell case closed the US Air Force debunk on Roswell.
It didn't show up until 1994.
Roswell occurred in 1947.
In that 1994, the US Air Force labeled the Roswell Weather Balloon Project Mogul Flight 4, which was then proven to not have even taken off on the day it was said to have taken off.
And I think Roswell explained the bodies away as dummies, which weren't introduced into official USAF service into the 50s.
So there's so much sketchiness around this topic.
I could ramble on forever, forever.
Big dog, miss talking with you and Max, get back in.
Let's chat with Max.
So what do you think about Eric Mitchell, who Dr. Michael Masters had a very intensive, I don't think I might not be familiar with Eric Mitchell.
Please enlighten me.
Pete's best.
Thank you very much.
UFOs and NATO Richard Hall interview was first hand witnesses of finance and your team.
Have you seen it many leads?
When is the Marshaise video dropping?
I have not seen that Richard Hall video, but I'm going to right now.
Full transparency.
I got two projects I'm working on right now.
One of them is the good old Kecksburg 1965 crash retrieval case, which is a fantastic case.
I can wait to talk about it.
I'm trying some fresh research avenues on that case.
Some things that haven't really been explored too much that have been in other kind of researchers files.
Okay.
Trollmama, what can we do to support you?
Just further the UAP discussion.
That's it.
Continue to talk about UAP.
Inform your friends who think that this is just a conspiracy and lump in the UAP phenomenon with Bigfoot, ghosts, ghouls, guests, demons.
Explain.
Explain the facts behind UAP.
That's kind of why I started this channel.
Talking about everything from Robertson panel to the creation of Blue Book sign grudge, the players in the 40s and 50s and so forth, early signings, Blue Book signings, USO signings and so forth.
Take a couple of hours to answer.
Yeah, that's a good idea.
I'll do that this week.
Absolutely.
When I interview Dr. Stephen Greer, I absolutely would interview Dr. Stephen Greer.
That would be very controversial, but that is somebody who I would like to speak to.
Absolutely.
Again, we have our opinions.
Everybody has their opinion on Dr. Stephen Greer.
I still will not downplay some of his previous efforts in the world of UAP.
Absolutely.
Big dog, thank you so much.
I really appreciate it.
Let me get through these and then let's touch on the Wilson Davis memo.
Correct.
Was that UFO and ET UFO or man made ARB?
If you're talking about the Michael Herrera in the Aero Historical Report Volume 1, from
time number one, he thought that was a man made vehicle.
James Forestall getting thrown off the building.
Yep.
I think Ryan would have some good stuff to speak about too on that.
Of course, Dr. Mack as well died in a, I think like a really sudden drunk driving accident.
Dolan, I think Dolan has a book coming out about USOs and I would really like to talk
to him about that too.
Dolan's just fantastic.
Dolan's one of the best of the best guys.
I really look up to him.
What have I missed?
Nothing yet.
We're just answering questions right now.
Everyone's asking great questions though.
That's why we get through this.
Can you ask Lou about the tripping photos?
Yeah.
Actually, that's great.
Yeah.
Absolutely.
What's up, David?
Have I?
No, I have not.
I think the people I want to talk to right away, just researchers, Grant Cameron, Richard
Dolan and a huge one, Michael Schrat.
I'd love to talk to these guys.
There's plenty of other researchers I'm in contact with, but I'd love to sit down and
have a conversation with them.
So because Libby, I was kind of baiting a Facebook post the other day about UAP USO and the only
people to respond like it besides Rando 30s was my active Navy friend from high school.
Interesting.
It seems on Reddit and other platforms we're starting to get a lot of Navy personnel talking
about sightings.
I think there was on Reddit about a Navy cook the other day who talked about his USO sightings.
I can't really remember it.
I only glossed over it, but he saw something rising out of the water.
What do I think about the Nazca mummies?
The Nazca mummies are very interesting.
I will be interested to see further research on them.
I know there's a website.
I can't remember what it's called, but you can actually view the 3D scans of the mummies,
including the one that supposedly has a fetus inside.
I know there was some claims that a lot of these mummies were like a goat head or something
or animal parts stitched together, but I think there's been some research to kind of downplay
that.
Again, I'll need to get a better understanding, so I'll continue.
I saw a video about a PhD building a nuclear honeypot to draw in UAP.
Yep, Mr. Interloper.
Okay.
Please send your thoughts and prayers to UFO researcher Nicole Sackatch and Courtney.
Yeah.
I know I've actually spoken to Courtney.
Courtney is wonderful, and I have heard that she has faced intimidation and threats for
some of the stuff she's done.
So yeah, I have heard of that.
So yes, keep her in your thoughts.
Then thank you so much.
I appreciate that.
That means the most to me.
I really, really, really appreciate that.
Mr. Harry, cute dog.
What do you think about the Greer files?
What do you do with the Greer files?
Like or not, you went for the date.
The Greer files are not done.
There's a lot.
Actually, there's a lot more I'm going to cover from the Greer files.
Everybody knows UFOs are real.
That's not the debate now.
Who's piloting them?
Yes, I agree.
Who's piloting them and who has them?
I'll write directly, Dr. Eric.
Okay.
I'm writing down Eric Mitchell, sir.
Thank you.
Let's see.
Which is a question that has been answered decades ago by Greer and other people like
Ben Rich confirmed that UFOs are of two types, ET and manmade UFOs or alien reproduction
vehicles.
I have started to move forward tremendously in my outlook towards the possibility of ARVs
and manmade vehicles derived from extraterrestrial tech or just non-human tech in general.
I am starting to really agree with that picture.
Sorry.
Let me get through these.
David, Dr. Banevard Bush, the little I've read on him shows no science-fontological shock.
He seemed to have pushed out of government work by 1950.
If he was the head of MJ-12, it wasn't for long.
Yeah, quite possibly, but remember from the Bowen manuscript, this was in 1962.
That was sent to the DOD for review from author Bowen.
That was returned in 1962 with handwritten notes from Banevard.
He was still fluttering around there.
Mark Streik.
People still can't decide whether NHIs are ET-dimensional.
Yeah, I agree.
It's very divided.
Of course, that's probably a conversation that's going to continue to tumble around for a long
time.
I'm talking about everyone.
Is it ET or ARVs?
Yes.
We can start to build a database of flight characteristics and craft.
Maybe we can find a demonstrable difference in kind of acceleration mechanisms, sound
output of craft, and so forth.
Zach, what's up, dude?
I've ever listened to Ray Bosch.
He's a pastor who the Collins Elite talked to.
No, I haven't.
I was talking about the Collins Elite with somebody today.
I'm absolutely going to chase that down.
For anybody who doesn't know what the Collins Elite is, this was referenced by kind of Lou
Elizondo and some of that other crew who talk about some people within the USG who are basically
terrified to investigate this phenomenon because they think it's demonic.
I'd love to kind of really understand the thought process there.
I'd really like to go down that rabbit hole.
Shrat is a hero.
He knows about the man-made UFOs.
Shrat is excellent.
If you guys don't know Michael Shrat, he's a CAD designer.
He's worked with so many witnesses to kind of recreate images of their encounters.
And he has covered a lot of cases that deal with UAP that I've sometimes even utilized a human pilot.
Jangi Squint.
Oh, dude, your profile picture is nasty.
But thank you very much.
I really appreciate that.
The Ivan 0135 videos.
I think this is skinny Bob, right?
I was asking if anybody can tell me with kind of further confidence if this was...
Ross Colthart was alluding to this video.
Who is this Dolan guy?
Richard Dolan.
Please go to his channel and look at some of his books.
He's fantastic.
Richard Dolan is one of the best UFO researchers out there.
Do you know when the program Insiders Book Sentinels of Ether will be published in full?
I do not, but I have asked the same questions because I would like to read more.
Have I looked further into Draper, Gaither, and Anderson and their connections to the SAGE program, MIT Rad Lab?
Max Barr?
No, I haven't.
And I know when Max Barr drops a line of inquiry, guys, you listen.
So no, I'm writing that down, man.
I really appreciate that.
I actually have no idea.
So that's fantastic.
I appreciate that.
Radle, holy crap.
Thank you, Radle.
Thank you so much.
I really appreciate that, especially the Volk poster looking out.
That's incredible.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
It's the best.
What do you make of Lou Elizondo's claims regarding excision of a technological device and implant from a U.S.
servicemen who experienced a UAP event?
I think that the implant has been a territory I have been a little afraid to go down.
Of course, there's just that and what's it called?
Abductions or they can just be so hairy.
What I need to do here is now return to the sort of Dr. Lear and his kind of extensive work on supposed implant removal.
So once I kind of looked on that, I'll have a way better kind of understanding of this.
But I found it fascinating Lou would talk about that with Ross, especially the implant.
You are really cool and doesn't afraid of anything.
Thank you, Peter.
I appreciate that.
I'm afraid of a lot.
Black Ops guys showed up at my house and threatened me not to talk about this again.
I'd be pretty dang scared.
But thank you.
YouTube.com slash Richard M. Dolan.
I highly recommend checking him out.
Would you recommend interview Nick Redfern?
Yeah, absolutely.
Nick Redfern is always really interesting.
If you guys listen to the podcast Mysterious Universe, he is always referenced on there too.
So absolutely.
Yep.
Dr. Lear has some awesome work on implants and that is going to be the next source.
Okay.
Shall we discuss the kind of Wilson Davis stuff now?
Let me figure out how to share my screen guys.
Present share screen share screen.
Let me window entire screens.
I've never done this before guys.
I'm still a bit of a novice share.
Okay.
So here we have from the other day.
This was from a private Facebook group that Eric Davis is in.
And I believe since then, of course, I haven't been able to confirm this.
But I think since then he has left this Facebook group because as far as I know,
this was supposed to be a private endeavor that was leaked.
But Eric Davis, if you don't know, let's start with an introduction to the Wilson Davis memo.
How about that?
Because I know anybody watching this channel probably knows what the Wilson Davis memo is.
Let me just pull up the file.
We'll just do like a quick 15 second, probably like two minutes actually.
We'll just go through the memo real fast.
The Wilson Davis, sorry, I have so many files.
Wilson Davis, Eric Davis meeting with Admiral Wilson.
Okay.
Good.
Yeah.
So the Wilson Davis meeting recounts a meeting with Eric Davis and rear Admiral Thomas Wilson.
The parking lot of EGNG in Las Vegas in 2002.
And these, of course, are the meeting notes.
This is following a briefing from Dr. Steven Greer in 1997 that he gave to select members of Congress and other individuals.
So one of these being Steven Lovekin.
If you guys remember the person I covered who talked about a, I really hope so.
I truly hope so.
And maybe because mom's from discussed and other world technologies division.
But anyways, back to the Wilson Davis memo.
If you guys, I recommend watching my video on the Wilson Davis memo and maybe a slog to get through.
I'm sorry.
It's not my most exciting work.
I'm sorry.
I will revisit it.
But if we look through this memo, it recounts meeting notes.
And this is apparently about Admiral Thomas Wilson investigating the UFO program after being inspired by his discussion with Steven Greer,
Luke Shan and others.
And he is Stonewald.
Apparently this program was embedded within special access programs, multi tiered.
What is really interesting for me to look into now that this memo has almost been confirmed by Wilson or Eric Davis is the discussion of the project keepers.
Of course, this is Commander Will Miller.
I've talked about him quite a bit.
Commander Will Miller.
Let me just find the exact line about the keepers.
Because there's just so much.
I don't want to make this a full Wilson Davis video.
But I really recommend kind of watching my video on it because we kind of go through a to Z of the Wilson Davis memo.
But yes, okay.
And the keepers of the program, I forget what they're called.
I'm trying to think, but one of these, the watch committee, that's it.
Comprising the watch committee is a security director and I say retired CI expert, a program director and a corporate attorney.
And these are the people Admiral Wilson met with and was kind of Stonewald from looking more into the looking more into the project.
So the program manager directly said that the uap program doesn't fit into any weapons program Intel program spec ops or logistics program.
It was a reverse engineering program something recovered years ago in the past.
Is this magenta?
Is this rock?
Well, is this Kingman or is this multiple?
I'm leaning towards multiple craft.
So within the within the Wilson Davis document, this goes into further about kind of what the program says.
The technology is not from this earth in this document.
I think MJ 12 is also.
Yeah, Miller Miller also asked about MJ 12.
I can't remember right now if if whatever his name if sorry, Admiral Wilson and Eric Davis, my mind's kind of spinning right now.
I'm sorry guys for any mix ups.
But what is interesting here is for Thomas Wilson to talk about Corso Philip J Corso if you guys haven't read the day after Roswell.
I would highly recommend reading that mentioned the SAP OCC and the reorganization of SAP SAP OCC and the program almost being found in an audit in the mid 90s.
I highly recommend reading the black budget of the United States by Catherine Austin fits here.
Anyways, we'll come back to that.
So Eric Davis.
I'll read this word for word, but I, you know, I'm not really like a react content type of guy, but we'll just do that.
Okay, Eric Davis says to Andre.
No, he told me that he would deny meeting with me.
Should I publish anything about that?
I never published anything about our meeting, but Ed Mitchell's unethical kids released his copy covered by Ed signed NDA of my friends of my interview notes to a friend who had an interest in UFOs.
The latter individual is responsible for shopping the notes at a UFO conference to the highest bidder, which was Grant Cameron unethical Grant Cameron consulted a lawyer and decided to publicize the interview notes on this YouTube channel and a podcast.
After this is when Wilson denied meeting me when contacted by multiple ufologists and UFO media personalities and mainstream news reporters.
But here's the issue with that guys.
I have.
Remember James Rigney I covered in the video he was the one who kind of got the memo out of the estate got it to Grant Cameron.
James Rigney was not sold this document.
Whoever the individual in Edgar Mitchell Oscar Edgar Mitchell's estate.
Went through his files and between between James Rigney and this individual I don't know who this individual is.
And James Rigney shared this with Grant Cameron in fact I have James Rigney up here because to talk about like a Edgar Mitchell's unethical kids I don't think this involved his children at all besides just a relative and Grant Cameron I don't think was sold this document as well.
So James Rigney says I showed these notes to Grant and then a few weeks later sent him a copy yes and I've talked to James about this he said this to me.
To say they were hawked around to the highest bidder is ludicrous yes there was never a mention of any sale here.
Dr Mitchell's family were not involved at all other than Dr Mitchell's nephew now deceased I'm happy to clear any of this up.
James Rigney has started to he doesn't post much but I really like that he's talking about this because I think by Eric Davis here he's obviously a little emotional about the Wilson Davis memo and he might not be fully familiar with the process of how it leaked.
But I will say before the memo made its way to public multiple people have seen the memo right multiple researchers have.
I have also talked to an individual who told me in an off record conversation that he was aware of the memo years before it was ever released so there's some pretty important people who know about this.
And I'm not familiar with Nicole actually actually yeah we just talked about Nicole but she has an email from Grant Cameron regarding this.
She's Grant Cameron says wow someone is pissed for the record I never shop the Wilson Davis memo notes I promised James Rigney that I would put them in beyond managing magic.
When I realized I could not do that I just made the notes free to anyone who asked about them.
Chase Williams got a copy and helped me.
If everyone had stopped playing cover up I would never have been in such a position.
Usually Eric is pretty accurate.
He messed up his sovereignty accusations and losing that I would have thought he would be a little more quiet.
For the record many of the top researchers have now confirmed they have had the Wilson documents for years and chose to sit on it.
Yes, I've definitely heard that too.
Why must I be the guy to have to disclose stuff other to disclose stuff other disclosure researchers are hiding.
Wilson documents Johnson UFO study.
Interesting.
Douglas aircraft documents.
Interesting.
Advanced physics group notes Rockefeller initiative documents.
Interesting.
And yet vindicated the alien autopsy emails for anybody who hasn't heard about the alien autopsy emails that surrounds the supposed alien autopsy film that was obviously faked in like 11 apartment.
But that might be based on a real sort of autopsy there's an email chain with Dr. Kit Green that covers this.
So that's what that's what I would like to cover that too because that's very interesting the future.
Finally, almost all of the stuff I disclose.
I have never read the only I only had to read the first page of the Wilson interview to know what I was holding.
Interesting to see Mitchell had to sign an NDA.
I assume Bigelow controlled that that's very interesting Edgar Mitchell sign an NDA to receive these meeting notes.
If businessmen can silence researchers with NDAs.
Why is the community always crying about unethical government obeying their NDAs.
No one ever offered me money.
Therefore, I was never forced to sign my life away and lie my ass off.
So, yeah, I think Grant Cameron makes a really powerful statement here.
So I guess the question is now, why did Eric Davis wait until 2024 to discuss the Wilson Davis Mumble.
I find that Eric Davis I kind of said this earlier kind of pops up and around when he makes to make statements whether this be discounting guys like Jason Sands discounting Bob Lazar and so forth.
Lou, I mean, sorry, Eric Davis has been on kind of a tear lately, talking about Lou saying that he Lou never ran all sapper and a tip specifically.
So it seems that I really can't think of an exact reason why now of all times he would discuss the Wilson Davis document.
If you remember back to 2004 in Stephen Green Street's basement episode, Green Street actually asked Eric Davis about the memo and Eric Davis just gave the hole.
I cannot confirm or deny that.
So why now but this is really interesting and extremely consequential.
I remember back in the day, guys like John Greenwald and John Greenwald has a fantastic new video on all to all sap and a tip.
I really recommend watching that.
But he I think he thought the Wilson Davis notes at least I'm not thought he proposed a theory they might be like a film script.
So there was just a lot of information shopping around about them.
So let's look at some of these comments real fast before we carry on this.
Am I mistaken or does Robert Bigelow always seem to get a pass because he's interested in this stuff could be totally wrong.
But does anybody ask him to put up or shut up?
No, that's a good point.
Of course, he's been interested in kind of knit, of course, behind nids and kind of a consciousness studies and after death studies.
He has been very quiet since a lot of this is has been discussed.
It's because Eric Davis still has a security clearance.
Yes, pretty clear.
The memo is real.
That's why he has to do these obtuse attempts at obfuscation.
Yeah, I the at least to myself, I'll admit kind of my biases here.
I've always considered the Wilson Davis memo since I began researching it to be authentic.
I find just so much valuable information in the memo.
And if you guys haven't read it, I really recommend reading it.
I think in my video on the Wilson Davis memo, I have it linked.
So shall we talk about the, unless anybody has any questions, we'll discuss the 2004 kind of JSOC.
You know, is this better for everybody at the black better for everybody's screen?
Probably next we'll talk about the JSOC.
So Davis admits to what he has is controlling narrative.
That's true.
Yeah, that's a good point.
That is a good point.
Doesn't anyone think it's weird to go with the serious TSS clearance would discuss something like this and on and not use not like signal.
Yeah, it is weird, but I know I think it's that same Facebook group or others.
Eric Davis has been very cavalier about about like Bob Lazar, Jason Sands.
He seems to really like a kind of blab about this.
So how do you flip the style?
If you have a Sumatra PDF, all you have to do is press I, and it really helps.
Sumatra PDF is the best.
I highly recommend it.
Okay.
So what let's get to this last one by LC in the weaponized ed cat or weaponized episode with Ernie Klein.
He mentions anytime he brought up the memo around Davis put off, etc.
other spines would go rigid truth.
So which recently Ross Colt Hart did an AMA on Reddit.
I think this is his second one.
The first time he did an AMA, I think the vast majority of the questions were saying Ross tell us where the craft is in regards to what the
craft is in regards to when Ross discussed a craft so large that a building had to be built around it.
This AMA was very different.
People asked a lot of great questions.
Of course, people are kind of discussing skinny Bob and stuff like that again.
And somebody said, let's see if I can pull it up.
Sorry, I'm not like a guest browser here.
Ross called her.
No.
I'm not a robot motorcycles.
No, the helmets won't count.
Traffic lights really.
Why do you guys have to and you guys watch me do this?
I'll probably mess it up.
There we go.
Look who we got in the chat.
Just bought.
What's up, Michael?
Thanks so much for tuning in.
Hey, cool.
What's going on, man?
Thank you.
I really appreciate you tuning in.
That's awesome.
I'm going to leave this up for a little bit.
I really appreciate that, Michael.
We're just about to talk about the 2004 incident and sentinels of ether.
Just because I think so many people have been talking about John Stewart.
And this 2004 incident and there hasn't really been a lot of look back to
sentinels of ether.
So let's get started, guys.
Shardu Shardul 127 or Shardul 27.
And this guy's actually in my discord.
This was a fantastic question.
So if you are watching right now, thanks, dude.
I know he posted this in the discord.
So thank you.
This is a fantastic question.
Hi, Ross.
Thank you for all that you have done and will do with this topic.
Is there any merit to the claim that in 2004 there was a blue on blue
firefight between a JSOC unit and a Lockheed Martin recovery team over
UAP craft resulting in the deaths of two JSOC members?
Ross says just straight up yes and recomments.
And that's not the only incident.
So now we have Ross commenting on the validity out.
And of course, this is just Ross.
He hasn't posted any sources or data for this.
How do I join the discord server?
I think I can post a link here.
Let me post it.
Sorry, let me post that real fast.
Invite people.
Yeah, if that link works.
So, yes.
So we have Ross cold heart commenting on a 2004 blue on blue situation.
We have John Stewart's story.
I believe this came out in late 2023.
I think this was in December.
And this was about an individual reaching out to.
Let's get Michael's chat back up here.
That's cool.
This was about an individual reaching out to John about a story of a blue
on blue firefight that occurred in, I think, I think.
So there's a difference here now between the two sources.
I think that Stewart source and we'll get through this as we read through.
Claim to this event occurred near the Texas side of the border in the Texas
and Mexico border.
Sentinels of ether talks about this being on the Koyame Mexico side of the
border, which as we know from the Koyame video is very close to the Texas border.
So I'll read just this, just the initial message.
And then we'll kind of just pick and choose through.
I don't just want to, this isn't story time.
I'm just not going to read through everything.
Hi, John.
I saw one of your recent podcasts.
Thank you for covering the UAP topic.
I have some information you may find useful for this.
I served in the USMC and Defense Intelligence Agency as an intelligence
analyst and then moved on to Lockheed as a security program manager.
I no longer work at Lockheed.
I was read into the UAP program and the UAP issue is multifaceted.
Well, generally it's known to the public at this point from the recent news
articles that the United States USG has its own recovery and storage team for
downed in HICraft.
Most of the people, okay, sorry.
Most of the people in USG community know about downed craft.
This is where the real core of the UAP issue lies, not the religious
implications or the biologics.
Lockheed has had this team since the 1970s and have amassed a hoard of both
intact and crashed UAP at a facility in Palmdale, California.
At some point around the mid 1980s, they were able to successfully reverse
engineer one of these NHICraft and keep this hidden and completely
obfuscated from the USG.
One of my senior security managers was firsthand legacy witness to this.
Lockheed even relinquished some of the original NHICraft back into the
custody of USG and lied, quote, saying that they could make no progress.
This is where the heart of the dispute between Congress today and Lockheed
is coming in to head in Schumer's recent UAP bill demanding the tech from
the UAP legacy program.
The USG realized that it was lied to about, sorry, I'm just having trouble
reading.
The USG realized it was lied to about the progress and now want full custody
of the ARV vehicles that Lockheed currently has.
Even though I was read into the general UAP program, I was never privy to
this specific group while I worked for Lockheed, the in-house recovery team.
There were only brief water cooler discussions I had with people directly
involved that are personal friends I've known for many years.
So let's stop before we get into the incident here.
USG for anyone asking is US government.
Hey, Aiden, my contacts get dry fast.
I know I blink a lot.
I saw that in the interview with Ryan Wood.
I blinked a ton.
But USG is the United States government.
The story here, what is really interesting is so many times throughout
my videos, we've covered a retrieval effort, mostly like spearheaded by
the Air Force and so forth, Air Force elements, possibly JSOC.
There's good reason to believe that something like the 24th STS group
within JSOC and the Air Force has some part to play in crash retrievals.
There's actually a Reddit whistleblower, a supposed whistleblower a couple
months ago that had a really interesting testimony on this.
But to hear this about private corporation recovery teams, this is
really interesting and not something that we have covered too much.
Of course, there's the idea of these black operative black operator programs
that deal with craft and deal with humans and deal with operations.
But we have never really explored the extent to which they have
recovered downcraft.
So here this individual reaching out to John Stuart claims that Lockheed
Martin has its own recovery team.
Now, I can't remember and we'll get through this if this describes
kind of the experience of the operators, what they have if they're
former like tier one, if they're just PMC guys.
I'm not quite sure, but this is really interesting to dive into this territory
about basically a private team that is not associated with kind of US
operations.
As we get into this, this raises some even more interesting questions
how this Lockheed Martin recovery team deals with JSOC units.
And if you don't know JSOC, this is joint special operations command.
This is the best of the best in US armed forces.
This is like 24th STS.
This is one 60th division.
This is Navy SEAL Team 6.
This is Green Beret.
These are just some bad dudes.
So I'll keep, let's see how much longer we got in this.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'll read the rest of this and then we'll discuss.
I know of an incident in 2004 where one of Lockheed's own reverse
engineered ARV craft, one of Lockheed's own reverse engineered
ARV, Alien Reproduction Vehicle, crashed into the Southwest.
The USG was monitoring.
They thought it was genuine NHI craft.
They sent their own recovery team out from JSOC, but there was a
violent altercation between them and the Lockheed recovery team
that resulted in two deaths.
This is the incident Grush is referring to when he says people
have been killed to keep the UAP secret.
This was a blue on blue situation between two completely separate
recovery teams.
The USG group had no awareness of the other one.
I was privy to the names of two cuts off our satellite office.
However, I would not go to public and I am not sure about releasing
this information.
The only caveat to this is I remember the names of the two airmen
that were killed, especially stuck out to me because they were
both clearly of Asian descent.
I am Asian myself.
I debated a few times trying to inquire a way to track down
immediate relatives and maybe contacting them.
I don't know what should be done.
Honestly, I'm fairly certain the immediate families to this day
are not aware of the actual circumstances regarding their passing.
I think John and him kind of go back a little bit there.
Here we are faced with the kind of, yes, I think 0604 says this
friendly fire here.
This is blue on blue action here.
Like Michael says, JSOC has a bunch of good guys.
This is really interesting.
Here we are faced with the prospect of a US based retrieval team.
They have their rapid reaction unit and they see this craft they
think is an HII craft.
Then there's the Lockheed Martin team that knows that their own
reverse engineered ARV has crashed and they sent their team.
There's a collision between the forces and JSOC, maybe they got the
jump on them, which is surprising because JSOC again is the best of
the best by this PMC, Private Military Corporation, almost
Lockheed team.
We have this story here and I will link this in the discord if
anybody wants to read more because there's a lot here.
But this parallels the story told by the insider that Michael has
spoken to who published two chapters of a manuscript called
Sentinels of Ether, which is kind of used in this individual's
words as basically a ploy on dops or similar to secret machines
by Tom DeLonge to put truth and fiction to get out information.
I think this was also done back in the 80s or 90s with Sedge
Masters and Project Zodiac.
So this isn't a new tactic.
This has been done multiple times.
And yes, that is really terrifying.
But we won't read Sentinels of Ether, but I have just read it
recently so I can tell you a little more about what it's about.
This story doesn't directly deal with a craft recovery.
This deals with people being trafficked.
And there is basically a JSOC team that gets the jump on, not
necessarily the jump, but they observe this trafficking operation
from some Hueys.
And this JSOC team is cornered and killed brutally by whatever
this team is that are trafficking these individuals.
The individuals are in Koyama, Mexico, and they load up on their
helicopters, maybe with their cargo, maybe not, and they fly
to a secret base around the region.
So those are the differences here.
There's no mention of Lockheed in the Sentinels of Ether story.
There's no mention of Lockheed in John Stuart's whistleblower.
There's no mention of craft in Sentinels of Ether, but there's
mention of craft in John Stuart's whistleblower.
There's a direct location given in Sentinels of Ether, including
Koyama, Mexico.
It's a little different in John Stuart's, which calls mainland
US.
So those are the small differences.
Of course, we don't have direct supporting evidence, but this
2004, this reminds me so closely of the 1974 Koyama incident,
which occurred 40 years later in the same place in Koyama,
Mexico.
If you guys haven't watched that video, this is about an alleged
story of a crash that occurred on the Mexican side of the
border seen by people in kind of a remote area.
A Mexican retrieval team is sent to investigate.
The CIA has the jump on this recovery operation, and they send
in the rapid reaction unit.
But something based on their surveillance has shown that the
Mexican retrieval team has stopped, was killed by something.
This is, and the Americans take over the wreckage.
Now, it's still not clear if the Mexican retrieval team was
killed from some sort of leakage from the craft or that the
US killed them.
And still, this is just a story.
There's not a lot of evidence for that case.
I covered it because it's so interesting.
But so we have, we have the Sentinels of Ether story.
We have the 2004 John Stuart, supposed whistleblower.
And then we have the 1974 Koyame instant, which all kind of tie in
together.
It's an extremely interesting story.
I'll be interested to see if John Stuart has a further comment on
this.
As far as I know, he hasn't said very much.
I think people have just kind of been, I think he's just kind of
been saying like, haha, like I got it.
I think he's just kind of been celebrating the victory on her.
We still don't know if his whistleblower is telling the truth.
I think that this person kind of went AWOL and AFK after this
and John tried to follow up with him, but there wasn't, but there
wasn't, he couldn't get in contact with the guy.
So let's, if there's any questions now, let's, let's go through them.
I just kind of wanted to touch on that because I felt like a lot of
people were drawing to attention to the, to John Stuart's
locking Martin whistleblower, but there was some parts of the
puzzle missing to factor in Sentinels of Ether and the 1974
Koyame incident.
So, yeah.
So if anybody has any questions, we'll, we'll kind of go through
that and maybe in about like 10, 15 minutes, we'll, we'll start
wrapping up.
I'm, I'm trying to think of any other kind of breaking into
incidents right now.
I would like to know what you guys think of imminent so far.
Again, I haven't read the full thing.
I've mostly been catching up on loose media appearances so far.
And okay, let's, let's, let's see this.
Michael says, Ross has definitely been in touch with me on
some details, not too much since he's busy, but soon I expect to
meet with him and tell him face to face.
Now I would really be interested to see what Ross and Michael
discuss.
If everybody remembers Ross's previous AMA, somebody asked him
like, what do you think of the Michael Herrera case?
And he says he was actively investigating.
So I'm really excited to hear further developments on that.
So that's wildly exciting.
Let me get a sip of water here.
So yeah, besides that guys, again, I'm hoping to, I'm hoping to
see Jesse Michaels quite soon.
I think he's, I think he's coming out to the state and I'm excited to
meet up with him.
We are working on the, I kind of leaked it.
I don't really like to say it, but let's, let's, the group I
encountered is private, but plucked from former special operations
groups.
I know some of them personally, but they are good guys helping me
with that.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah.
And that's something I wanted to talk on.
Remember in the Arrow historical report volume one, they claimed
that Michael said to them that he encountered us special forces.
No, and Michael has been clear about this since the beginning
that he encountered a private team that had no association that
he knew at the time from American special forces.
Let's, okay, let's start going through these.
I'm catching this room a bit late, but I'm so lost.
I'm not on all this.
I thoughts on all this about I, but tell me why you're lost.
Man, I'll get you up.
I'm sorry.
I know I can drag on a bit.
That's why I like to make scripts because I can just drone on
about AI designating designing craft and military being infiltrated
to the point where top secret stuff needs to be hidden.
I have a, I have a good friend who actually is working on like a
really good thesis about kind of the phenomenon and, and craft
being sort of like a really AI driven and maybe like a biomechanical
artificial intelligence.
And so I would kind of like to follow up with him on that.
Pete says, imminent as part of the drip feed of disclosure,
anything cleared for official releases.
Why are they starting to disclose is the interesting part.
Yeah, I agree.
Why is, like, why does Dobser approve of Lou
discussing a 1950 crash retrieval case?
Why does Dobser approve of Lou
discussing Operation Interloper and so forth?
This is very interesting.
Everything is cleared with Dobser.
Same with David Grush as well.
The idea of a drip feed of disclosure is interesting
because, of course, there's likely elements within USG
that are deeply entwined in the program
who do not want any of this information to come out.
Is there ever a point where top secret stuff
doesn't need to be hidden?
I think, I can't remember,
but I think people like Grush and Elizondo
have a great take on this.
With NHI technology and so forth,
perhaps the technology itself
and how to operate this technology can remain classified.
You don't need someone who would wish harm to others,
being able to harness a craft that can go supersonic
in an eighth of a second.
But I think the reality of this situation
shouldn't be classified top secret.
I think all of humanity has a right to know the extent
to what program officials and people high up in USG
and the military know about UFOs,
their purpose on this planet,
their modus operandi and so forth.
What is your opinion on Salvador Pais?
Pais is super interesting.
I covered him in the Off-World Technologies Division.
He worked out of NAVAR, the Naval Air Facility in Maryland.
And he, of course, has patents on kind of almost like a
kind of quantum vacuum fluctuations,
powering like an almost diamond or triangular shaped craft.
If you haven't, I really recommend listening to his appearance
on Kurt Geimungal's theory of everything
where he talks a little bit more about physics.
Physics was never my strong suit, so I'm not,
I don't have a ton of interesting things to add there,
but Salvador Pais is super interesting.
And I find his patents wild,
especially how they were initially denied,
but they were picked up by the Navy.
And he was working out of NAVAR, Pax River.
What's up, OptiV? How you doing, man?
Great to see you.
Great to see you, brother.
Danny Sheehan answered Mitchell's question
in Jesse Michaels' interview.
He said it's because Lockheed wants the license to tech
and sell it.
Okay, I haven't, I don't remember that part,
but thank you for saying that.
Have I been interviewed before? No, I don't know.
No, I have not.
That kind of would be fun, but as you can tell,
I kind of ramble, so we'd see how that goes.
Group C says imminent is crap.
Excuse my French, a mix of truth and lies.
That's how good disinformation works.
Lou is clear to say what he says.
Of course, there's still a lot of discourse around Lou,
ASAP, and ATIP.
If you guys haven't, I know he can be a divisive member
in the community, but John Greenwald's recent video on kind
of the memorandums and different files that have been released
from ATIP and ASAP surrounding Lou and other players.
That is super interesting, and I really highly recommend that.
It makes the can of worms so much deeper.
So please watch that.
China stand is why Kona Blue was proposed.
Lockheed went into the vest of its materials,
and Kona Blue was meant to be the way that happened,
and to the CIA put a kibosh on it.
Yeah, to divest materials into the hands
of Bigelow Aerospace from Lockheed Martin.
You got a signed copy of imminent.
That's awesome, man.
That's super cool.
That's super cool.
Since imminent had to go through the Pentagon approval
for its contents, I think the section on alien implants
is a slow drip for acknowledging abduction phenomena.
Scary thought.
Yeah, again, we talked about implants a little earlier.
I think the basis of that work needs to come off
of Dr. Lear's work throughout history,
because it's just such a strange concept
to wrap your head around, and the implications
of the abduction phenomena, if true,
are extremely disturbing as well.
Anytime someone monetizes UFO stuff,
I'm out, YouTube doesn't count for now.
So that's like the grifter argument, right?
I don't think Lou is a grifter at all.
I think that after many years, for whatever reason,
he's releasing this book.
But I do agree that a lot of people will just kind of make
a lot of UFO content or big claims for not much reason.
But I personally wouldn't throw Lou in that category,
but I still need to read all of him in it.
So my opinion is not fully formed.
I have one huge advice to you before you get into abjections
and all that.
Learn about the science.
Listen to Tom Bearden's lectures, because if you don't,
you'll think that everything is E.T.
Absolutely.
Absolutely.
Well, I appreciate that.
With any subject getting into,
I want to make sure I have a strong foundation for research.
Dobser is only there to censor classified specific details.
Lou chooses his references carefully
and tiptoes around classified details.
Yes, he does.
You can see that in the JRE interview and so forth.
Lou is very good at drawing the line where he's speculating
and not speculating and drawing the line where he can't go
further and drawing the line to say,
I can't talk about this, but here is an example.
Also, what do you guys think about the Lou on JRE appearance?
I think Lou, I think Joe was a lot softer on Lou
than he was on David Grush.
I was re-listening to the David Grush interview recently.
And Joe, a lot of the time, you see,
almost took a position of disbelief to everything Grush said,
which was a little strange to me, a little strange.
Kelly Cahill is where to start looking for abductions.
Gotcha.
Gotcha.
Do you know of any other good UAP YouTubers?
Watch all of your vids and want more info.
So I don't watch too much UFO related content.
And part of the reason I made this channel is I thought there was
a bit of a lapse in serious research outside of guys like Richard Dolan.
So my advice would be just to read, to be honest.
I would read Leonard Stringfield's Crash Retrievals one through seven.
Those are brilliant.
I would read Stephen Greer's disclosure briefing document from 2001.
I would read Magic Eyes Only by Ryan Wood.
I would read In Plain Sight by Ross Colthart.
But I would also watch Ross Colthart interviews on the kind of need to know
as well as anything he's done with Bryce Zabel.
There's also a lot of good old documentaries such as stuff with James Fox.
So as far as content goes, I don't know.
I'm not too familiar with other UFO content creators besides some of the big dogs like Dolan.
Sad to hear Lou is financially hurt by TTSA.
Yeah, of course that kind of muddies up TTSA.
So what do you think about the Orbs in Lou's house?
I find it very strange.
Kind of he really doesn't hesitate to go into kind of like the Hitchhiker effect of UAP
and strange stuff following him home from work at ATV.
I think even his wife commented on this as well.
I'll have to find her comments, but that was really interesting to see her wife talk about that.
Matt's under his correction.
Danny Sheehan, tiptoes and whispers to Lou.
Back to Pete.
And abductions are the hardest part to swallow once the realization of UAP is real.
It's terrifying.
I agree.
The implications of abductions are very terrifying.
I remember growing up that one of the first books I had was a book on Betty and Barty Hill,
and it just scared the life out of me as a kid.
John Greenwald clearly has a theory about why, in his words, both sides are lying.
Do you have any thoughts on what John's theory may be?
Yeah, I think in his latest video, he says very specifically, neither side is telling the truth.
And this could just be, like I can't think for John, of course.
Even though I don't always agree with everything he says,
I think John is a pretty well thought out person.
He takes his time to craft his theses.
So I would wait to hear from him, but of course this could possibly be,
he just thinks this is room to muddy the water around the UAP discussion
and create endless debate about atyp and asap.
I talked about this already, but how is Japan?
Japan was the greatest place I've ever been and has the best food I've ever had.
I want to go back so bad.
I didn't get to go to Kodokanjudo in Tokyo and I went to so bad.
So bad.
It was obviously a PR deal and Joe didn't take it seriously with Grush or Lou.
Yeah, it was strange that he didn't take it seriously.
I think that David Grush is one of the most valuable people to speak to right now.
So it was strange.
It was bizarre, Lou.
I think he made a conscious effort and he talked about this on JRE,
that he was on JRE to talk about the phenomenon and not plug his own book,
which I definitely respect, but he gave John Greenwald a huge shout out.
And I know that Greenwald has had his huge problems
and has been very outspoken about Lou.
So that was interesting to see.
I think it's curious how all the Senate hearings started right after the Chinese balloon.
What are the odds that UAP topic is used as a vehicle to pass reforms with that deal with foreign stuff?
I do not think so because if we look at the Schumann legislation for both 2023 and 2024,
it is very, very, very clear that the subject we're dealing with is non-human technology and legacy programs.
Very clear.
I think in the 2024 NDAA, non-human intelligence has mentioned about 27 times, I think it is.
I feel like him not plugging his book was partially to avoid.
Yeah, yeah.
I agree.
I agree.
Timothy Good's Unearthly Disclosure is an excellent book.
Yes.
And was it Timothy Good that also wrote above?
They're not above Top Secret.
Need to know was that his book, but Timothy Good is great.
I can't remember right now.
If Lou can do remote view, why doesn't he hold a bit of demonstrations?
Unlike UFO UAP, he has control on that.
I would like to see demonstrations from people who claim they can operate remote viewing.
I feel such a strange territory for me.
I'd really like to see that.
First thought was a skunk work spying on him.
I'd like to understand the technology behind those dang orbs then, especially if they can operate indoors.
I have a three paragraph argument regarding UAP origins and the phenomena of abductions.
If anyone is interested to see it, where could I post?
My friend, you could email that to me at uapgrub at gmail.com or you could join my discord and post that to see.
I'll copy that and put the link in one more time because I'd love to read it.
I'd absolutely love to read it.
Sounds awesome.
Lou's wife was in the News Nation interview.
Okay.
The grifter argument makes no sense.
Take Greer, for example.
He does two CE5 events a year.
He's not a millionaire.
How can he fund the disclosure project?
Whistleblower needs his events with no money.
I bet Greer, I do think that Greer has income streams outside of just UAP if I had to guess.
I know he used to be a practicing ER trauma doctor, but I'm not sure.
Mike says, I'm not sure why, but it seems very human that the orbs followed him after he was investigating from within the Pentagon.
That's very strange.
I need to read that passage in imminent.
Again, sort of like with remote viewing and stuff, that territory is very foreign for me.
I approach it slowly when I read about it because it's uncomfortable for me, which I'm sure it is for many of you.
What is your methodology for conducting research?
That is a really good question.
I really appreciate that.
When I'm investigating a crash retrieval, for example, I will find a respected person that has covered this crash retrieval before.
For example, for the 1974 case in Koyame, Mexico, that was Ryan Wood in Magic Eyes Only.
He covered the case.
I use that as a starting point.
From that, I make a personal note sheet for myself of every single aspect I want to check out.
Then every single aspect, for example, Koyame mentions Fort Bliss and stuff like that.
I will go look at ufo-search.com, which is a great website by Richard Geldreich.
I can't remember that post events by date.
I will start researching if there's any blue book, sorry, not blue book, but any recorded sightings or information on that day.
If any official documents have been released about aspects of Fort Bliss and operations there on that day,
or any official documents exist around that case, I'll analyze the Moondust Archive.
I'll analyze the Blue Book Archive.
I'll analyze if any popular figures on UAP disclosure have talked about this.
Then I'll start researching the subject I'm working on in books.
For example, I know when I covered a ufo case, I had to go into some of Jacques Valet's old works.
My research always conducts with starting a foundational layer and topics I want to branch out on,
and using various websites and books to find out more information and continue that as a decision tree.
The most important part for my research, as I'm sure it would be for anybody, is really good record keeping,
because there's so much you can find when researching any case.
What's important to me is to have bullet points for subjects and appropriate links,
and from there have even further offshoots and just dive into what I find interesting about the cases.
Then when I can form a thesis, I'll start to think how I can write a topic when using my references and evidence.
I'm an engineer by trait, so I approach each script as I would, like an engineering research paper,
kind of like an introduction, an abstract, the data, the investigation, the conclusion, the references, and so forth.
Keep up the great work. Thank you, man. You're one of the very few people that do thorough research.
You're like Richard Dolan in his early days, and not only not as naive. I appreciate that. I love you too, man.
Thank you so much. I love doing this. This topic is so multifaceted.
It's so tough to kind of get to the bottom of anything, so I'm just kind of trying to do my part,
slowing things down, analyze things on a case-by-case or topic-by-topic basis.
Steph says, hey, Grubb, appreciate you for life, brother, and thank you, man.
I'm sure thousands of us feel the same. What do you think the phenomena actually is?
What's your theory so far if you could share? Sorry if asked.
So this has always been really interesting.
I've always kind of bounced between the thought of extraterrestrials versus
what some people like to refer to as, like, ultra-terrestrials,
a.k.a. beams that may not exist in our three dimensions, spatial dimensions, and one temporal dimension.
Lately, I've found quite a bit of credible testimony that refers to crashed craft as specifically extraterrestrial.
So there could be a combination of a presence on this planet, extraterrestrial,
and some things that don't necessarily exist in maybe a corporeal body
or what we would think as a physical being.
But right now, if I just had to think out loud and just kind of say,
here's what I think for crash retrievals and these crashed craft,
right now I lean more towards just a pure extraterrestrial source.
Another thing I feel could be possible is that these craft, through its own AI,
may be able to access psychic wavelengths themselves.
What explain a lot of behaviors that people have experienced?
Yeah, absolutely. Find various methodologies and kind of,
I don't know what sort of wave, maybe radio waves,
a frequency that can start to distort cognition and so forth.
Yeah, I agree with you. I think that's a great point.
I wrote it over at post-disclosure. Where can we find that, my friend?
I'd love to see it.
When are you going to upload the video on the glass ball that reacted to consciousness?
I have uploaded that. That is the Off-World Technologies Division.
Now, there is an individual that I am speaking to and that's really great
that has also claimed to have observed such a thing.
So I hope I have an update on that because it's very interesting.
Okay, Michael, Greer does real estate as well, so he's making money with that.
Not sure if he does that as much. Perfect.
Okay, we know that besides just CE5, that Greer has other streams of income.
Sorry, I wrote it over at post-disclosure, but so far no one is reading it.
Hey, post it over here. Post in the Discord, man. People here, we take this seriously.
People will want to read this. I promise you, man, I certainly will.
He then talked to the CIA guy and Joe seemed like he doubted the whole UAP thing, not going to lie.
Yeah, Mike Baker always seems to pop up whenever Joe talks to a UAP guy.
Mike Baker, I've seen a lot of comments on Reddit and so forth saying that Mike Baker is his handler.
I think that's hilarious. I think Mike Baker has appeared on JRE 14 times, which is a lot.
So, you know, whatever.
Zach, that English dude tried pretty hard to nail Lou down to no avail.
I didn't love Lou's answers, makes it sound like he wants to stop corruption,
but also won't point out what the corruption is.
That's the English channel, the sort of smaller channel.
Props to that guy for getting an interview with Lou. That's really cool to hear.
I haven't listened to that yet, so I absolutely will.
I know a couple clips of that are going around now.
Spoonbending parties, isn't that Yuri Geller's claim?
If I'm remembering correctly, the spoonbending.
Why would an interdimensional capable ET race abduct humans and put implants in them to track them, et cetera?
It's a very human thing.
ETs don't need it and they can do it without physical contact.
Yeah, I mean, there's so many, whenever you reach hypothesis like extraterrestrial or even ultra dimensional or something like that,
there's still so many questions.
I know one of my good friends who really thinks this,
the whole phenomenon comes down to a sort of advanced planetary AI that originates from outside our solar system.
He's got a lot to add here.
I think everybody on this planet has their own UFO stories.
I mean, a lot of people do.
I never really talk about it because to me, just a single witness testimony, there's not much to it.
I, of course, multiple times in my life have just seen lights in the sky making very sharp turns, not satellites,
because I'm always very careful to pay attention to that.
Bright lights that seem to make angles are kind of dart around in the sky.
I don't pay too much attention because I have no confirming evidence.
I have no kind of multi-sensor detection.
But I, you know, I like, I'd say a lot of people have seen strange things in the sky.
Kudos for remaining open-minded and getting into the personal infighting that plays the community.
Yeah, man.
I've noticed on Twitter, there's a lot of, a heck of a lot of drama, especially around Lou, so much drama.
I don't know how you could investigate fighting like that.
So I don't, I don't want to get into that.
Chris Bledsoe, I don't really have an opinion right now.
I'm reserving judgment for doing a deeper dive on, on Chris.
I've heard favorable and unfavorable things about Mr. Bledsoe, but right now I do not have much, much to go on.
Am I skeptical about remote viewing?
It's highly skeptical to me.
This is such a, this is a great question.
If you asked me a couple of months ago, I'd say a lot of the woo connected with the phenomenon is like a very strange.
Over time, just reading kind of the research papers from SRI and SAIC, listening to David Grush talk about Stargate and now Lou.
And even people I trust like Ryan Wood even commented on remote viewing and so forth.
I, I find that I, I've never observed any instance of remote viewing.
I cannot do it.
I don't know anybody that can.
So I've not seen evidence, but my mind is a lot more open to it than before.
Of course, the more you study the UFOs, the more kind of strange things and psychic phenomena get introduced.
So it's, it's, it's very tough to separate the two.
It's very interesting.
And like I always say, it's a really kind of uncomfortable territory for me because I've never interacted with anybody who claims to have psionic abilities or be psychic.
So I would really like to see a remote viewing demonstration if I'm being honest.
Have I read loose threads by Omega point?
I have not my friend, but I will write that down because that sounds.
Any book.
I will absolutely read.
Thank you.
The hitchhiker effect is a real thing, not just with UAP agreed.
Tom Bearden explains in detail down to the equations, how to make orbs and anti-gravity craft in one of his lecturers called psychotronics.
It's on YouTube.
I have, I've not watched that lecture.
So I, I got, I got some good homework to do.
Thank you.
Let's always the real deal.
All right.
Then I will, I will continue to research and when I spend some time to sit down with Chris, have you seen one of the new Ross cold heart reality checks with MJ 12?
It gave credential to MJ 12 because of the 2022 JFK.
Yes, I have.
And that was with the Australian gentleman.
That was fantastic.
In my MJ 12 document, I kind of referenced it because Lou had just talked about it.
It kind of really renewed interest in MJ 12 and JFK.
Fantastic.
Ross is, Ross does some really great work.
And that Australian researcher is awesome too.
That dude was recalling facts off the top of his head, like nobody's business.
First, all your chain are covering the UFO flag.
Hey, cool.
That was forever ago.
It looks to just too odd to be fake.
Watch it on loop sometimes.
You know what?
Now after the claims of Lou, I'd like, and of course, Grush last year, I'd like to see some of that dang 4k satellite footage.
Who would you say is the John Mack of today?
That's a great question.
I have no idea.
I don't know if anybody is doing the serious work today that kind of John Mack did.
John Mack was really ahead of his time, took the abduction phenomenon so seriously.
I really respect John Mack's work.
The Wilson Davis was pretty much known to be real.
Yes, but he finally confirmed it in Facebook group.
I feel bad for him because he had to take the hit on some trustworthiness with his clearance.
Yes.
I think a lot of people kind of saw the validity in the Wilson Davis memo, including the context around it and so forth.
Thank you for answering.
Thank you, man.
I appreciate that.
You take care and stay safe as well, brother.
Matt, I've been in Battelle facilities in Columbus and West Jeff, Ohio.
Do not see anything UAP related, but they def have the security and facilities to keep it hidden beyond what I could access.
I think it's Lou who discusses now for Detrick in Maryland containing biologics.
And so that's a great research avenue to go down now.
Thank you so much for all.
Thank you, Matt.
I appreciate that.
Integrity is definitely something I hold near and dear.
I may seem kind of like an idiot sometimes, but if I'm unfamiliar with the topic or something, I don't know.
I promise you, I'll always tell you if kind of my knowledge on something isn't up to snuff.
I think it's important.
I don't have all the answers to this.
I just might be well versed in some of the cases I've covered.
Shout out to I will always matter.
The chat can get the chat can get tough to read by everybody's putting in the questions to speak to me.
So I will always try to answer every single question.
The sphere does sound a lot like the the bet sphere.
What was interesting to me how this was described the sphere at this division was the sort of indent on top as if one would place a hand.
But it does.
It is similar to the the bet sphere.
Have you seen, have you dived into eyes on cinema?
Yeah.
Eyes on cinema is really good.
I don't know how the heck they get some of their their footage.
I mean, they have some great stuff down to like old interviews with Ryan Wood and Dr. Robert Wood.
I've never seen in my life before.
I don't know how they do that.
They have amazing footage.
I don't know for sure, but pretty sure you can pay.
You can pay to get to get on JRE.
Really?
That's I don't know if I'd want to go.
I don't know.
That'd be a fun experience, but I don't think I'm there yet.
I know it's far from your top priority and I really appreciate that you don't chase the algorithm, but I really hope to see you get the credit.
I hope so, man.
That'd be really cool to kind of have a bigger platform to talk about this.
But, you know, we grow, we are we are grown steady.
We're almost at 10,000 subscribers in nine, a little less than nine months.
So that's really, really great.
And shout out Michael Herrera for being a legend.
Yeah.
Thank you so much, Michael, for joining the chat.
If you're still here, that that's so awesome to see you in here.
That English dude.
You got Sean and Rob Tanner.
You know, I got Sean.
I don't even like Sean O'Malley, but sugar show is going to knock him out clean.
This upcoming weekend is a treat for sports fans.
We got one fight night Denver, which I didn't get tickets to.
And then we have fight night Gilbert Burns, Sean Brady, great fight night.
And then Sunday we got them Cincinnati bangles playing.
So I'm sorry to my girlfriend, but we're watching a lot of sports this weekend.
Thanks.
Just email it to you.
Thank you very much.
I will read it either tonight or tomorrow when I catch up with my emails.
Thank you.
OptiV because the phenomenon is real and people within the government know this.
It would be illegal for a lot of these whistleblowers to reveal too much.
They go to prison and truth remain obscured.
I think even the whistleblower protection act doesn't cover pensions.
So even whistleblowers coming forward, there's still a very real threat to how they will
provide for their family, especially after they've had a long and industrious military
or kind of intelligence or USG career.
I think that's a big concern for a lot of whistleblowers that's being overlooked.
No pension security is offered here with whistleblower protection.
How can we assume what NHI is capable of or not?
It makes sense to me that they would use implants to do detailed monitoring.
Yeah, of course, with NHI, non-human intelligence, it's very difficult to kind of attribute human
traits, human thought processes or human capabilities to something that is not human.
We know they can manipulate physics as we know it to travel almost instantaneously, accelerate
and perform feats of acceleration and deceleration that would turn humans and our best ballistic
missiles into piles of grease.
So, yeah, to kind of assume what they're capable or not capable of is tough speculation.
Anytime any topic gets a lot of clicks, eyeballs, you will get those who want to take advantage
of it just don't be a fool.
Yeah, I agree.
That's why I tend not to do like news of the day type stuff.
I like to sit back and really spend my time researching stuff and really spend my time
focusing on one case at a time.
Doing kind of the news of the day stuff, you can really get caught up in a lot of stuff
and that's just not really my style either.
Michael says, thank you to Pete.
I'm just a guy who talked about some crazy stuff and that happened.
Little did I know how much we connect the dots.
Thank you, Michael.
Mr. T. What's up, man?
How you doing?
Whitley Streber's implants given the ability to pull up information about anything in his
vision while he's writing.
That sounds like the eyes from the Black Mirror episode.
Do you know the episode where the, the some husband like it gets blocked by his wife also
in white Christmas?
Is it true you grew up within walking distance to Lockheed in Littleton says Jim Shoe?
Yes, I did.
The Lockheed Deer Creek facility in Littleton was walking distance.
It's nestled within the start of the Rocky Mountains right after what we call the Hogback,
which is where two tectonic plates push up against each other.
Rumor has it that facility goes deep into the mountains.
I lived about a four minute, five minute walk from one of Lockheed's biggest, biggest locations.
Thank you for all you do.
I appreciate it.
Thank you, my brother.
I will answer any question.
UFOs seem to be becoming a gateway to witchcraft.
A lot more people are starting to kind of dive into kind of like a more woo as people call it,
like a psionic stuff, psychic stuff as they talk about UFOs.
It's actually really exploded this year.
So I do agree with you.
Have you watched the Men Who Stare at Goats?
Great movie about remote view.
I haven't seen that since it was in theaters, man.
That is a good movie, Men Who Stare at Goats.
I need to watch that again.
I highly recommend Loose Threads.
I will be reading it, my friend.
I would highly recommend you watch the Joe McGonagall interview on Sean Ryan.
Absolutely.
I love Sean Ryan's projects.
Absolutely.
That sounds great.
Have you noticed the sudden rise in USO stuff now?
Yes.
Since Timothy Gallaudet has spoken about it, there's a lot of buzz about USO.
This is a great topic.
I hope it really starts to get covered.
I know a lot of guys like Green Wall or sorry, Green Street and McWest like to point to a
new video of a transmedial concept for a Chinese drone being behind all USO sightings.
But no, sir.
We have done a couple of USO videos on this channel and some USO cases are some of the
most interesting.
I think back to Kevin Knuth at the Seoul Foundation who discussed a case where a USO
traveled under a New Zealand destroyership knocking out all the power.
I had a great conversation with this about my family the other night.
My younger brother asked where to start and your channel, Red Panic Wallace, intro videos
were my number one picks.
Thank you, man.
Red Panic Wallace, his documentaries are classics.
Those are fantastic.
They're so good.
They're so good.
Max Barr, have I looked into the gate program?
Ross Colhart mentioned it in an AMA a few days ago.
Not yet, but that is on my list of stuff to research after I finish.
I've worked with Kecksburg in a certain private corporation that Mr. Kermit has also helped
me look into.
RV is very real and it's so easily allowable that people deny it.
I really want to see remote viewing demonstration.
I struggled with it because I've never personally been able to do such a thing or have viewed
it, but I would really love to see situations of remote viewing.
My mind is open to it.
I really want to see it.
Please quit your day job to do this full-time. I'd love to if the if the bills can be paid that be
That'd be great. Do you think mj-12 could be a scythe for the us created for russia? That is the claim of
Mr. John B. Alexander
If you recognize if you recognize the
likely reality of ufo crash retrieval in reverse engineering
It does not make sense to me to create a program for the russians to draw attention to ufo crash retrieval in reverse engineering
especially how
how the majestic files reference so much of roswell and and other cases and
Vannevar bush and some key players who were
You know even outside of their association with mj-12 general nathan twining really senior us guys
It seems strange to me to bring a lot of attention to them
So maybe some documents could be but i struggle to personally see how the whole set of mj-12 documents as a whole could be
Used for russian disinformation
Writing you now re eric mitchell. Please keep an eye. Yes, absolutely
What do you think of warner von bran's warning that one day will be told ufo's are a threat which happens since 2017
Yeah, the the threat narrative that weaves in with project blue beam if if i'm correct, right a lot of people like to
point to
Reagan's speech re says i think of a world where like our nations would be united under the threat of an alien invasion
Uh, I think it's interesting. I definitely think lu and the ttsa guys more so than somebody like grush
kind of, um discuss the
Danger of uap
Which I I I don't really have an opinion there, but I do notice that that lu discusses more of the danger of uap and I find it very interesting
Very interesting
Do you bother with ancient text or religious references that seem like uap or strictly to docks from the last 100 years?
No, when I when I first started talking to my friends about this because my channel first started like a huge
PowerPoint for my friends
I think it ended up being like 300 slides before I said i'm just going to make videos
I prefer more time spent on individual topics
I did reference many cases from before the past 100 years including the settings over nuremberg the 1897
aurora texas supposed an incident
Some interesting lights seen in like 1100 in jerusalem and so forth
So there's a lot of really interesting sightings over the course of history the san diego sphere
By yes, the the full like 17 video 17 minute video by it's redacted is great
The san diego sphere
It seems to be like a small metallic sphere with like a row of of almost like black portholes around it
Even though there's nothing to signify there's lights, but with three or two or three almost antennae often
I recommend going to watch that video. It's it's really interesting
I get the feeling we maybe do for a mass public UFO sighting
They just seem to have happened every decade or two within the last
I can think of being the 2006 oh hair UFO just before smartphones
That'd be great if we could get something a modern day like the 1952 UFOs over washington dc. That'd be fantastic
After reading loose book I'm taking a remote viewing more seriously, but I'm disappointed with russell targ's third eye spies
Hopefully there are some other resources giving us a working model now. I'd like to know
If you're starting to dive into the topic of remote viewing what sort of sources are you?
Reading about and so forth. So I might be able to piggyback off some of that research
I need to kind of understand more of about where to start besides just reading the research papers from sri
And s a i c and stargate and so forth
Tanner, yes, you have been here since the get go man. I remember you commenting on the first video
So I really really really appreciate it really appreciated
What topic would you introduce to joe?
I would just want to talk about crash retrievals for like three hours to be honest
I know we talk about many topics here, but the sort of similar to ryan wood crash retrievals is what I
View as my bread and butter for investigation. There's nothing more that I love than looking into a crash retrieval case
Uh sick card this week. Yeah, the the uh brady burns card is very good and also uh haggardy and superluck and Denver on one
That's a great one championship. Zach
Oh, and if you don't use it you need to get the hour breakdown of the wilson davis memo richard dolin does with mr
X who I think is travis taylor they go into every single detail
Oh, that sounds great. Yeah, I haven't I haven't seen that that sound. I would love to watch that
We'll be seeing you a few years in jerry as a legitimate boots on the ground
I'd love that and I'd also love to uh, you guys know joe does jiu jitsu. He's a blockbot
I'd love to roll around with him a little bit joe is a short stocky man
So he could probably give me some trouble on the mats
O'Malley has grown on me. I agree, but o'malley is nasty with his striking
I mean anybody but cheeto vera with a titanium skull would have gotten
Eviscerated by that knee up the middle. O'Malley's a beast. He looks like a sideshow attraction, but he's a beast
I will continue. I can't continue to believe youtube is effing with your channel. Come on. You should be well over 50k
Do you think anyone? No, I don't want to go. I don't want to go into
Subjects like that. Maybe it's just difficult. Maybe there's
There needs to be over time. There will be more of a growth and interest in the uap topic. So
We'll see we won't we won't go into that
We won't go into that now
Now I remember when bob lasar was on jerry. He also talked about a sphere that was an s4 when I had a dent
Really, I don't remember that. I'm going to look back at that now
I remember back when that uh, I think it was 2019 if I'm remembering when bob and uh, jeremy corbel went on jerry. That was awesome
What are your views on philip j corso's claims the day after roswell is a very interesting book
And I've been told recently by somebody very credible that I just got in contact with and I'm talking to to make specific note of
What corso states uh happened with the technology gleaned off the roswell craft?
So I'm actively pursuing some investigations off of corso's work right now if that answers the question
I got to say this chat. Yeah, this chat is this chat is great. I mean we got
Mr. Michael Herrera in the chat talking to people we've got people asking great comments
This chat is lovely. I've been in other chats where people are just saying wild stuff. So I very very very much appreciate this
Have I ever spoken to jessie michaels? Yes jessie michaels is my friend
I jessie michaels is such a cool dude
He first got in contact with him on my kingman video and
Maybe this week I will be hanging out with jessie michaels this week or next and I can't wait jessie's awesome
He's done so much for this subject made so many great videos. I really can't wait
One thing about ai is that it needs to be taught constantly any chance you think the internet is how it studies us
That would from a from an ai studying the internet would be the perfect way to kind of understand the zeitgeist of humanity
Now would I be worried that an ai would be looking at the internet to gleam off humans and look at the memes and all the terrible things online?
Absolutely, but I I think that that's very valid
I I think that's a great method for even the a biological based
Non-human intelligence species to simply understand humanity at a glance
Michael Herrera is a legend. He is a legend
That's weird timing
That is weird timing. I was just listening to his
Interview with william paulik the other day
Uh because I found it in the files of greer that wasn't on youtube apparently
It wasn't until paulik's death in about 2005 or 2007 that his family agreed for this to be published
william paulik talks about deep projects including implants uh for for operators and so forth made out of a
Facility near denver. This is a very interesting case and that's actually really weird timing. You bring that up
I've never seen anybody else talk about mr. Paulik
So that's great. Um
See what a michael say thanks matt. I hope what I break open soon at some point will be legendary and help
I would love that. I cannot wait to cover that
Speaking of goats big ups to all the goats in this chat. Yeah, everybody here's amazing. Thank you for for everybody
Um everybody I just joined bro. You're covering the best the best wilson davis moment majestic documents
You know, I got a shout out to everybody that has uh kind of helped me in my investigation been there for me
Uh, everybody has helped so much. So whether it be joey michael ryan wood
Mr. R. A. There's so many great guys that so many wonderful people around me
You and jesse michaels go deeper into research, uh, except for maybe richard olan jesse's video on t towns and brown is a classic
And this video with grush is a classic jesse is awesome and jesse just watched the program too. So I am so jealous of that, dude
You made me do it. You made me do a 180 on michael. Dude's a hero. Yes, sir
I'm i'm loving seeing everybody. I'm loving seeing everybody be so warm to michael in the chat. That's awesome
Makes perfect sense. It'll be in the ocean. I also bet millionaires in general have been expanding there. So it makes sense
Uh, they found a magladon or something. Yeah, I've uh started starting to really shift a lot of research into uh
Subaquatic have you ever looked into nazis going to Antarctica to advanced tech and do climate control there? Do you believe they went?
Uh, I have been I have not like serious research, but of course I've studied the the subject
I think there was a nazi Antarctic submarine base at the very least right and of course there was a nazi presence near
Argentina and so forth. So that is a really interesting avenue of research
I i'm not too well versed in advanced tech like if they tried to research de klok or something like that for but, um
Yeah, interesting good words from michael. I always encourage everyone to be highly skeptical on the subject too many people
Looking to make money and sacrifice morals agreed
Do you expect to see brand new whistleblowers in the new hearing? I hope so. Um
I haven't heard any rumors or anything
So I don't have much to add
But I would really like to see some uh first-hand whistleblowers. Maybe carl nel
Uh another person maybe carl nel grush and then two new whistleblowers with first-hand experience
uh
Okay, let's sorry
Um
Are there uap related topics you plan to avoid indefinitely?
Yeah, just community drama. Um, I won't really ever get into community drama. I think anything else in uap
Deserves a serious research of investigation. Um, so really anything. I mean we were talking about earlier
I even have my problems with steven greer, but
I
Absolutely would talk to him. I'd cover him. Uh, I'd love to do it
I will do a deep dive on the disclosure briefing document, but yeah everything but community drama
I'd I'd love to cover. I'm trying to think if there's any specific people I wouldn't cover
I don't know
I have to think about that
One theory I have is that aliens are just human animal hybrids grown because the time inside the craft goes by too quickly for any normal human to test
Human animal the human animal hybrids that is a frightening
Thought the time inside the craft goes by too quickly. That's an interesting thought you bring up
My mind is drawn to an article that was published and deleted right before the
congressional hearings in july of 2023 with david crush
It was an article written by or featuring quotes by she hand that described a craft
That a recovery team witnessed that when they went inside the interior was as large as a football field
so
That kind of subject of uh
Spatial warps with uh with craft is very interesting
Very interesting. Um
These are hard
These are hard uh to investigate and proof that her era case might be easier to prove
Yeah, we're still there's still so much of the um indonesia experience where we're still
Really actively investigate investigating a lot there
Thank you rattle keep up the support for greb. Thank you. I appreciate that michael
Scott castle interviews about his us. Oh encounter is pretty interesting surprise. It hasn't gotten more attention
I have not heard of that so i'm going to write that down
Awesome
And then in about 10 minutes we'll sign off my friends
But we'll keep getting through these uh questions and we'll we'll continue to uh, we'll continue to go through
I've suspected there's probably an nh i presence for a while now kevin knuth seems to think that an organism can survive in oceans
They can hop from planet to planet in planets that just have oceans. That's an interesting theory
Of course with uap. There's also the subject of von neumann replicating probes
If any of you guys have heard of the channel, um john michael godier. He's really physics based
He has a podcast called event horizon. Check out his channel. He always talks about von neumann probes, which is a
A method a type of self replicating probe that even like a sub facet than light civilization could expand into the galaxy and the cosmos
So yeah, a lot of interesting things there
Was roswell a real ufo crash? Um, I personally think so
I think roswell is one of the most well documented crashes and my confidence in kingman has been growing by the day
Growing by the day
Edgar mitchell was from roswell. Some of the locals told him it was real. Yes. Yes. Absolutely
Please have mh on again the fact he's here in the chat speaks volumes when there's new breaks in the case
Absolutely with joey as well can't leave joey out of it. Nuremberg was debunked for me personally by richard dolan
I think he does a great job of breaking down why it's most likely not a real event interesting
Interesting, okay
You told us you were an engineer what kind of field mechanical
But over time do less mechanical engineering more like
Service in qa when I was in university. I was told I'd be doing really cool things with math
And that was never really the case. So that's unfortunate. But that's just how it is
Um, it was fun to go to school for that
Richard dolan's wife is a noted RVer if I ever get to talk to oh eras says that as well if I talk to dolan
I'd love to hear more about that. I really would I really would
Let's see
Let's see
Isn't this remote viewing known as astral projection related to the meditation and getting into a dream state
Audits relevant here again if aliens are demonic doing remote viewing not going to be good. Yeah, I agreed there
I think the relevance occurs just with
Many claims now that's sort of like a almost like a conscious interface is needed for
Interacting with craft and piloting craft
But the extent of which there's some disturbing implications just like you've said
Jimmy akin documented his participation in a remote viewing experience in progress
He's not remote viewing but basically a hide-and-seek type experiment. That's interesting. I'm going to look into jimmy
I
Interesting thank you
I love seeing you guys talking to um, I love seeing you guys talking to michael in the comments
The half dome not a sphere. Okay. Okay
Love course those book day after roswell. Yeah, I think that's just good reading
You know with take it with a skeptical approach just like anything, but I think day after roswell is um, excellent reading
excellent reading
continue to think others are
um
I don't I don't know about that. I I've only ever had two people that have used
My content, you know in the copyright tab of youtube and I they were just making like a compilation of different like testimonies and stuff
That's fine. That's fine
Jesse's interview with g han is such a banger. It's awesome. And I know he was teasing it for a while
I remember right before he dropped it that same day a lot of people on reddit were posting
What's happening with jessie's interview with with uh, dany protect jessie michaels. Yeah, jessie michaels is awesome
The work he's doing is a sublime. It really is
um
Mr. T
discuss in scalar waves
Uh interact directly with the nucleus of an atom, which means they manipulate spacetime itself in very interesting
Ordle chow you and jessie collab set you turn me on to this channel mh go
um
On jessie and I are discussing such things. We will see I will leave that to him to discuss
Eyes on cinema has a massive library of classic ufo contents and is always adding new videos. Yeah guys
I always recommend uh keeping notifications on for eyes on cinema just for the content they post you absolutely can't find anywhere else
It's crazy
If you were to give a skeptic friend a one to three sentence summary about why the uap ufo alien phenomenon is probably real
good question
You
UFO sightings have occurred for centuries
The u.s. Government has downplayed and lied about these sightings in the robertson panel in conden report
Incredible whistleblowers have stated that
The u.s. Government and private contractors are in possession of these materials
Biggest emphasis on the second sentence. I don't need to think longer to get a better one. Sorry if this has been asked
What up debat debat debabs? What is your educational background?
I am not well spoken. I trip over my words all the time and blink all the dang time
But I am a mechanical and I have a bachelors of science and mechanical engineering. So that is my background
Is dan barish legit? I do not know I was going to cover him, but then um
I think it was the night shift posted some really long stuff on it
I haven't watched it, but I know that I think the guy's name is clint that does that channel
I know he takes his work seriously. So I bet he's got some good stuff on that
Um, I think he's probably he probably has a great stuff. I'll have to watch that
Any thoughts on the physics implications of uap and the phenomenon so physics is uh, even though I'm an engineer
This this may seem silly. I'm uh dreadful at physics like maxwellian physics was really really hard for me, but
I mainly focus on the fact like um
It's really interesting how these these crafts sort of defy physics in terms of this in their instantaneous
Acceleration deceleration trans medial ability. It almost seems like they're about they create a
space-time bubble around them that can dampen inertia to do such things and not splatter
Whatever is in the craft in the craft themselves. So physics is the physics of the craft will lead that to kevin canuth
Uh and his paper estimating flight characteristics of unidentified aerial phenomenon amazing paper highly recommend reading that
But I am not good
Interesting how the bitcoin expert predicted an uptick and disclosure activity once imminent dropped
This includes the quiet endorsement from the wilson. Interesting. I didn't know that
Thank you so much mr. Grover. I really appreciate that I wish you were jesse would solo or collab and amy escridge investigation
If I do my video on mysterious deaths around uap and individuals amy escridge will 100 be in there. Absolutely
Um, did you ever look into the am a reddit post about exo biospheric organisms from last year? Yeah, I did um
I can't recall too much, but I remember that well
Not well, but I remember that distinctly, but I need to um, I need to
Re-reference that if my name is requested in the hearing. I will testify and support from those I'm working with that'd be awesome to see
Michael testify awesome
There were claims that the nazis escaped in UFOs to Antarctica if I recall correctly
I don't know what to think about that. It's an interesting theory any theory about like a
The nazi super weapons de Glock and so forth is very interesting. I personally don't have enough
Confidence or confidence in any sort of research or backing to comment further
Chris melan pinned a couple of your episodes. What?
No, no, no, no, no, no, no
Chris melan released a signal exchange with somebody. I think he claimed was a high up a usg or
Intelligence communities for us and they were discussing the kingman crash. This was on twitter
I just responded with my video because I had just covered kingman briefly earlier and it got a lot of traction
So the nazi thing isn't true. I don't know
How do you yeah, Jordan? I see I've been done enough research. So I really don't have an opinion
How do you sort through the crap without chasing rabbit holes? That's a good question
Having a baseline of research and individuals to speak to when when I'm not quite sure about something or
Kind of just need to keep my head clear run some ideas by people, of course and euphology. There's so many rabbit holes and kind of
crap out there
and
Just kind of weighing the pros and cons of different people's testimonies and kind of just leaving footage behind I would say
Opinions on reptilians that she had mentioned. I think that John Ramirez has talked about that too cia former cia agent John Ramirez
Reptilians are a scary thought. I know I think this is very different than like the David Ike reptilian subject
That talks about reptilians being obama and other politicians, but like just a race of most reptilians
Beans and I you know, I must approach that with an open mind
We have robert sarbacher and vanavar bush commenting on insectoid like beans, which is very scary to me
I'm going to look up that power. I highly recommend it. It's on the dpi archive
Just search powellek. I think it's there. It's it's just the full raw uncut footage. I really recommend it
I meant graze on dmt as far as I can tell they fast-tracked our evolution have been here longer than we have
That is uh, that's interesting. That's like the the machine elves, right people describe what they see on dmt
Which are these
Strange entities. I think even alex jones has commented on that
Um
Anyone know what happened to the forechan whistleblower the document is pretty interesting now that we know a bit about more about
us. Oh, no idea what happened to the forechan whistleblower
I I doubt when covering it. I'll be able to track down what happened to the dude, but I
Absolutely am going to to cover the case
Have you looked into the manipulation of the accepted historical record?
Is this the the theory of phantom time that about a 300 year period between like the
High middle ages like the 1700s or like the 14 to 1700 system exist and we're actually in the 1700s
I have I've never really looked into that, but I've always as a young as a young and I found that very interesting
I think the subject if I'm getting it correctly is phantom time
I meant to say I suspected there's an nh. I present the oceans for a while now. I left it. Okay. I got you. I got you
Nuclear power uap lore is the brainchild of dr. Knuth. Maybe I should talk to dr. Knuth
I haven't spoken to him in a long time
John von Neumann also worked on the manhattan project. Yes, he did did someone
Uh
Say Richard Dolan's wife is a sub
No, I think Richard Dolan's wife is a noted a remote viewer people were saying a noted remote viewer
No, it's was great aliens talking. I'm used to extract DMT
Okay, so I think somebody said that this experience was just the DMT talking and you are talking about
Um actual beans you observed
Favorite bjj move any follow and whose lineage do you follow prefer sport or self-defense?
Now that's a great question. I am from the hegan machado lineage under nobu yagai
I my favorite move. I like ripping twisters
I have been catching blue belts with twisters almost every day now and it brings me
Incredible joy to twister somebody you get the twister hook you either banana split them calf slice or them twister them or take the back
it's is
Just a very sublime experience
and I I would say sport because I also train mixed martial arts and uh judo
And I have done some competing in jujitsu. So
Self-defense is more the Gracie combatives and that I'm a large man. So I'm not a lot of people would probably try and uh
Frankenstein choke me in the street. So mostly sports for me mostly sports
I hope you can carry john max torch really hope you are real one
I hope so too, man. One of my biggest passions besides crash retrieval is to speak to witnesses
That's one of the biggest things. I know a lot of people
Kind of feel uncomfortable doing that but I will go out of my way to try and speak to witnesses
That involves cold calling and we saw how that went with witness tb
We saw how that went
Uh senior mechanical engineer for Cummins. Oh cool. My senior project in school was for Cummins
We went to the factory in indiana. We made a spark plug durability tester. The Cummins guys are really smart
very smart
I find the varginia case very compelling. I might relate it to other
Other cases and focus on more so the crash retrieval aspect because I know james fox already has a brilliant
excellent
piece on varginia in moment of contact
I think russia's talked about the ufo that is way bigger when entered in one of the leak conference
Yes, that was the wall street conference that occurred just after but the original article came out in I think june
But he re-referenced that at that wall street speech. He gave to like 60 people that somebody leaked out some photos. Yes
If you look up astral projections, some people report vaccine shadow people in that realm and sometimes they will hunt that sounds terrifying
That sounds extremely scary
Michael's story is extremely compelling. No doubt about that. I agree
I can probably put a good word for you in Cummins. I appreciate that
I I hope to I hope to be able to travel around full time for this someday speaking to um
speaking to uh witnesses and so forth
Opinions on reptilians same. I uh
Approach that with an open mind
I think there's probably a difference in the reptilians of david eich of the lizard people that are obama and hillary clinton
Versus a type of a reptilian-esque species. I know michael schratt has
Discussed this from the notes of lennard stringfield
But same thing if robert sarbacher and vanavar bush have commented on an insectoid almost mantis like bean. I gotta keep it open mind
Love the iceberg series. Okay. Here's what i'm thinking guys
With lives, of course, we talked about some news today and we've had more fun
What i'm thinking is if we do another iceberg we do it together in a live and we can um research as we go
I'd like to keep the channel focused on investigations crash retrievals discussing witnesses and interviews
If you guys like that and we'll find some time to do um
Some icebergs together. I think that'd be a heck of a lot of fun
Have you done any research on the horton brothers? I've never I have not
I have not and i'm gonna write that down
Thank you
Yes, j. Allen heineck was absolutely convinced there was something to uh do this
I love j. Allen heineck. He's very such an interesting person
I've always found the fact that there were like 50 different radar recordings of the object going like five times
Fast than anything humans had in the 60s to be very compelling. Yeah, including a verner von bran's mentor herman osberth
A rocket scientist talking about upper bounds of ufo speed flying saucer speed being like
30 to 48 thousand miles per hour
Hackology, what's up, man?
They're plasma powered. That's how they create clouds the clouds also camouflage. I have heard that as well
It's sort of like an mhd plasma. I have heard that as well
um
Some craft are invisible to the naked eye as they affect gravity. Yes, that is one of the five observables from uh lulizondo low observability
Could you please uh link to the paper you mentioned? Yeah, sure. Let me throw that in the chat. Uh
Sorry
That's so many flight characteristics of unidentified
Anomalous, all right. I've referenced this a few times from kevin canuth
But there it is in the chat if you would like to like to watch
Okay, um
By the way, I know the people that wrote the post on amy eskridge that blew up on reddit and they deleted it the next day
Do you know why they deleted it the next day? That's that is interesting
It would make sense if they utilize some gravity creating tech. Yeah, I'm
Even bob lasar has said that back in the day. Uh, maybe we'll cover him someday. Maybe
Let's see. Um, sorry. I'm just uh, the paulic interview was crazy the implications of them trying to implant people on a massive scale
And the tech what they can do it is the paulic
Interview is very very consequential. I would highly recommend watching that guys highly recommend
Um, the the grays live underground so that would be similar to phil schneider's claims
Uh, michael says no problem. Have a good night. I'm off to work in a little bit. Keep up the support and keep tuning into kerb's channel
Yeah, guys michael
works his tail off I
I've sometimes talked to him and it'll be like nine or ten at night and he's still at work
So michael is very hardworking
Will you start doing live streams going through ufo related info because I've seen some very interesting videos
Documents and links to share with you. Yeah, absolutely
Maybe what we could do just because I like I'm not the news of the day type guy
I don't really care for um, like reaction type content. Maybe I know I've talked about this
But I'll actually do it like once a week we can just kind of round up some
Some news of the day discuss stuff because just as much as I want to give my opinion
I want to hear your guys's opinion. You guys keep me grounded in my research as well
Of course, just investigating solo can do some crazy things to your mind. So I do really appreciate every single comment you guys have
nuclear power would merely
Uh cover the energy output of the objects luminosity beyond that it has to be a completely different power source. Yes
Uh, Richard Dolan's wife
Uh is a lot more into the woo side and does remote viewing. They are interesting pair and complement each other well probably keeps them more balanced
I agree. I agree Dolan. Dolan is fantastic
I bet Davis was never under NDA about that memo. They were just pretending for whatever reason. I think yeah
And I think it was also Edgar Mitchell now has it has been shown. He was under NDA
okay, um
That's exactly how real ets appear these days as orbs lights meteors like objects are just staying the other dimension because they are targeted with
Scalar weapons when appeared in 3d the subject of scalar weapons in golden domes of she hand puts them to kind of
Tech cloaked uap and bring them down is very interesting like I would definitely cover that
Definitely cover that
Uh, do you do these every sunday? No, but I should it's been difficult to find the time
But if sunday's a good time that works for everybody I would I would love to
Um, did your friends end up convincing you to try path of exile?
No, I haven't been able to play too many games
But what I have been playing is the black ops 6 beta
So if anybody wants to play some black ops 6 when it comes out, I know that's a very casual take
But reading so much. I need some games to just kind of melt my mind a little bit
So if people want to play black ops when it comes out, let's do it. Let's do it live iceberg
Okay, next week. We are doing a good, uh, a nice live iceberg. Okay guys, I'll find a fresh one
We'll go through it. We'll have some fun
Um, I get a coffee about the it was post-grouchy and they pulled it because concerned about family members and digging in a little too
Yeah, the the the digging too deep can definitely be a concern or
violating possibly violating any sort of ops sec
operational security
Is not fun. How do you find the time to go through all this do research and then do videos?
um
The research stage is
Um is like a is a true gift. I love doing research for stuff
Recording audio is another story and editing can be a slog
But doing the research time flies by I could sit for 10 hours a day pouring through documents
How do I find the time to do this?
Fortunately, I have a very nice girlfriend that understands that how much this means to me
Unfortunately, her dad is also huge into ufo. So she doesn't mind when I speak to to him about it
Or she doesn't mind when he speaks to me about it. But uh,
I'd say the biggest thing is efficiency and that's having a database of documents which I always try and have
Have you ever seen the custodian file? Yeah, I have
They've been recording u.p. He calls dragons. Yes, I have and that's that's interesting
Again, I don't place uh too much on footage. Uh, just because there's so much footage out there and you can debate endlessly
Uh, so I just kind of like to move on for
Move on a little bit from footage, uh
To me, maybe it's good to put in videos, but uh discussing it. It can just go around in circles
Palak. Yes, watch this on the dpr archive. It was lc who brought this up super interesting
He passed before the interview came out. This was in early 2000s
I believe at like a just a middle age too, which is tragic like 50 or 60. But yeah, um
So I I'd really recommend looking at palak
I'd also recommend that you check out the study that was going on by the uh, tedesco brothers and donna nardo on long island
Speaking of long island, that's a I can't wait to cover the 1992 long island ufo case near brookhaven national labs
So that's an interesting place
Who is my favorite ufo journalist?
Leonard stringfield and ryan wood easily easily. Those are the two best
magic eyes only and crash retrievals parts one through seven are
absolute works of art
absolute works of art
Oh, okay searching palak implants puts uh, no so the google the google uh dpr archive the link system doesn't work
So if you join in the the discord, I will let me I'll post one more link
I will post that uh, once I get off once I get through these
Comments, I will post that
So I'll put the palak video
Um, thank you man. God bless you too. I love answering the questions. It's a lot of fun
Okay, everybody likes. Hey, have a good labor day too. I don't know how to say your name
I will just call you attack on titan demon
But yeah sunday sunday is great. Everybody loves path of exile guys. Don't
Don't don't ruin my life. It's already tough enough to get to get videos out
Just a tip. It's european 3m. Maybe do it earlier for more views. Uh, good. Yeah, I thank you for that
I appreciate that. I know a couple people were saying they were in the uk and that it was a bit late
Mr. Harry, thank you very much guys. I'm gonna get through these and then we'll we'll call it a night my friends
Counter strike 1.6 my friend. Mr. T. W. Loves counter strike
Loves counter strike and he is trying to get me into it
The horton brothers were a part of nazi germany and project paperclip, but they were taken by the russians. Okay, that is interesting
I would like to I would like to research that
Uh, Leonard stringfield is unmatched. Yes. Leonard stringfield is his work is just beautiful. It is beautiful
I hope one day I can go to his archive and in Cincinnati my hometown and and look into there
It's list on the eoc channel too. Oh the paulic videos on eoc. Cool
The custodian file situation is basically the answer to all this the team at skinwalker ranch kept having dragons fly by in the
Intense gravitational field would drain their battery. I think I have heard that about uh, kind of
Draining their batteries. I think I have
Have you ever read corso's original manuscript for the day after ross?
Well, it's pretty dry
But it makes a lot more sense than the release book the publisher added a bunch of fluff to the book
I have that document downloaded
But I haven't actually read it because I didn't know there was a lot of fluff that was cut out
So is that his uh specific affidavit because I will read that that sounds awesome
Love from australia. Hey, thanks, man. As you can tell by the poster
I got a lot of respect for the Aussies a lot of respect
Almost someone with his eric mitchell overview would prefer to send
Via discord dm. I will keep an eye out for the request once we hang up and I'll get all that stuff going
And with that guys, I think tonight we will call it a night everybody who's been here
Whether it be five minutes or the whole time we've been on for two hours and 10 minutes
Thank you guys so much. Uh, it means the most seeing everybody commented. I love it
I don't know where I'd be without you guys. So we will plan for
Next sunday and right now we are in the research stage of a new video. I got like
I'd say five or six immediate videos coming out one of them
If I can get this individual to
Speak would be a huge video. Uh, actually two people actually three
There's three huge leads. I'm chasing down. I'm not going to spoil anything right now
But I really hope I can cover these because they'll be awesome videos
And with that guys everybody have a wonderful night and I will catch you all later. Goodbye my friends
and stream
